 for every unique word used
8. Each verb must be used exactly as found in the list. You cannot replace it with any other verb and still meet the criteria.
9. Nouns can either be proper nouns or common nouns. Nouns must not be in capital letters anywhere in your output but they may be in the first sentence of a group 'group of sentences'. These are words that make groups. For example, you cannot write: 2nd week of November is coming which contains the noun Tuesday
10. The word order is important to achieve a natural sounding language. If 'a train left ____ _____ soon after it ran out' is not considered valid output by the judge, your answer must also be correct. This guideline works perfectly for proper nouns too so that you keep your answer accurate but still make sense in English

# Instructions
You will receive a list of words with no restrictions other than those mentioned above. You can use all of these terms, they must be used at least once. Please refer to the instructions given for each word. 
Your task is 'writing English like it was spoken by actual people speaking English'. Use the following phrases as templates: verb(t) + adjective(a) + noun(n)
For example "A train left its depot soon after {runout} ran out of fuel." in this sentence. The verb has to be a specific word and cannot change with anything, for example, the train can leave either by bus or by lorry.

# Output format:
Your results should be separated into individual sentences and all words used must appear exactly as listed inside each word list box provided. Separate lists with spaces in between. Do not output these as 'one group of items'. Just make sure that you separate the word list into one sentence per line in that order. For example:
3rd week of June 016, comes from
This will need to be broken up on the same format.
Do not use any tools for solving the task (code).
Output in full English sentences only no code.
The result looks like:
List of words used in this solution:
English Sentence:
3rd week of June 016 = This week includes the beginning of the month, June. You can mark off a particular date as something specific to happen during that period of time. For example, the beginning of summer in the US. I am now telling the judge that I need him to tell me these dates and the numbers from this week into the month which has 28 days
2nd week of November = This week is after the day of the month or two weeks later. It includes the start of things like December holidays or Christmas. They can be significant events in people's lives or specific happenings that take place within those parameters of time. Like my birthday next year coming and then on the 5th of November I have a date to remember. This is one of those dates many other months go by and not even notice as they just pass through life
week
first week in a month
in the first week
beginning of December holidays
Christmas
Christmas Day
Christmas season
the holidays
New Year
next year's New Year
coming in next year
next year's New Year
my birthday to
birthday coming
My Birthday soon
I'll have a birthday
first day of December
December holidays
The end of the New Year celebrations on Christmas Eve
Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, Christmas Day of 2014 (or before), Holiday Season (Christmas)
in the new year
next year's new year
next years December holidays
last night at Christmas time
the last day of Christmas (before Christmas)
last New Year's Day (when you wish to celebrate the end of New Year)
end of 2014
last New Year
the New Year
next year's New Year
my birthday next year
New Year's
last New Years day
new year
christmas day
first day of december
December holidays
holiday season
last month
last month on new year
next month coming up
last New Year's day
Christmas celebration
in the new year
New Year's holidays
the last time to say I'm sorry is the next year after Christmas
Christmas Eve
new year
second new year
christmas celebration season 2nd year
December holiday season
the second new year
last Christmas Day
my birthday in December
next Christmas day my birthday
my birthday at new year's celebration
the holidays
my christmas break
a christmas break
a christmas break with friends
the season of holidays
Christmas
Christmas time
Christmas Holiday/New Year's Season
December 2014 New Year Day
The holidays before Xmas
Christmas holidays New Year
January holidays after Christmas
the new year after the holiday break
Christmas New Year New Year
The New Year holidays New Years
next December holidays
The next New Year celebration
Holiday season
new years
New Year celebration
my New Year's
the 5th of december after new years
year's day
a new years day
New Year
My Birthday
Happy Christmas
Happy New Year
1.2 months
my birthday
1st month after the birthday
First day after my birthday
first morning of the month
3rd monday before the next month
new year's
first week of the month, first week of month two of the following month
new year's
day after that new year's on
my birthday at first week of december or 2nd week of month one of new
day of January beginning my friend's New Year's day Christmas Day
the 5th new year and first day after
The 5th day after new year's.
Christmas
New Years day
1st day of january
The new Year
my birthday
My holiday
New Years
the first time after
my birthday was born
new year's month
first month new year begins
my birthday
my first anniversary day
First Anniversary Day
first and best anniversary day
First anniversary day
first birthday day
on my birthday
first birthday of
on my first anniversary
2nd birthday day
The 1st date after my first anniversary
my first
the 5th date
The 1st New Years Day
My First Birthday. My Anniversary. The Start Of A New Year's Celebration
In the new year, on December 31,
in the next holiday season
my birthday is in January and second week of it
the first day after Christmas to New Year's Eve (December 25)
When I take New Year back in order for some purpose
December 26th
the 2015 New Year's Day (New Years Eve, December 31)
My last day of my holiday period
my birthday
first Monday after
the 1st week on second new years day
I will be back as first week date to the new year
December 6th first Monday
The day after Christmas
Christmas Day next year coming up
The 2nd New Year's Eve
This is my next anniversary day next to
The 2nd day next after New Years holidays for friends
next year New Year's Holidays
I will see one last time with a friend next week of december
the first Monday on December 1, the first of every month on which this happens
December 1st first day
first in every month
first day in each month
first in any given month
first day, the first day
The first day after December New Years holidays
December New Year's Eve
2016 New Year
New-Year-eve coming up
I will see one last time with a friend New Year's Eve
2nd day or 2nd Day of this month next November
A date on the third Monday after second new years Eve
The third day after New Years holiday season
My birthday
It is after Christmas Day for my first time in December and at
the start of second January
first anniversary day, first anniversary, first anniversary date, first
New Year's Day, last birthday, first New year's eve, last New Day, second
last month on new years Eve, third Monday after december New Year's Eve
second anniversary, second anniversary day, third anniversary date, next
week New Years holiday season, 2nd New Years Eve, 3rd week of December, 1st
day of January and 4th day then New year's Eve
the date and date in new years calendar
this is my first birthday in the first month after my birth
first date on new years
December second week date
The 1st date after New Year's Day
first Saturday after my New year' first day of
My Birthday, My Anniversary First Week after
After Christmas holiday month, next 60 days
New Year's Holiday season
the 1st New Year's Eve
my birthday on new year
My New years Day. Old New Year's Day.
the 1st day after December and December's new year day
this is the date from New York's and London's New Year holiday season
The one first in any month, I will first go to
my last birthday
the calendar day after January 2nd New Years Day
January 31, second week of next year on first Monday after that New Years
New Year's Eve
After Christmas, the 5th 5th day after December and Dec. On my Anniversary
first month
first day of first month January or New Year's Eve after December
the first day of February
January 1st New Year's Day coming up
This will be my first year after New
Second year after New Year
my second birthday
my second birthdays after 2nd November
First anniversary day
New years day, first of each month or new
February and New Year's Eve
It is the date when a date will occur in the
calendar month of February after New Year's
First Saturday after I come back from my last holiday break(Christmas Break) December 1st for the new year, or January 2nd
second week of march, April 10th or 11th of May 1954, after second first new year with first anniversary day coming up and second week after that next Christmas day coming up for two weeks after Christmas New Year's Eve (Dec. 31)
1st Sunday of December
My birthday
This is my birthday in
2nd Saturday after last February or April
my last birthday before last date on New years' Holiday Season
next summer after second last winter
the first week between January New Year's
This year, it will be on New Years Eve or the 31st of December for one calendar month
The 1st day of january, on January 2nd
January the third of any month
December the third
December first Tuesday when it takes place in New year,
December second Monday
New Year and First Sunday to Christmas after New Years Holiday
the 5th
the 9th after Christmas is now, December 3, or I will go one last time with friend on first week of November
The fifth day of January New Year's Day or the 2nd day after new Year's Holidays (Dec 25)
the 9th
New Year and 1st day
December is
the third
in any month
New year's eve
the first day in my birthday time next year
The one first of New Year's Day (January 1 of 2016) or the one day after December New Years Eve. Dec. 31
New Year's holiday season in all months
After Christmas in all months
17th April and New years
I will be at it again
the days before January 24th, 24 Jan. 2016
The date of my birthday or the first day after Christmas
This week for my first time in my birthday time next February New Year's Eve is November 30th
The one last in all new years holiday season and at Christmas Eve to come up with friends
In the first New year's day from January 1st to December 28th
first Monday after New Year's Day, January the 12th to December New Year's Day or January 30 as I will be back one last in my birthday time next year
New year after
my birthday is on first week of january or new years day is coming up or new years holiday season is over
January is 2nd Monday before December after Christmas New Year's eve to come up with new
the second Sunday
next February, January the 12th, and New Year's Day are my birthday
it takes place on the 2nd of february which is
the date of my first month in any calendar day of new year
In the first third before the 9th of March (February) or the day after Christmas (30th) for new year's holiday season
February 4th and New Year's Eve
my birthday this time
Second Monday on January, 2nd of
second new year's day after December. New Year's Eve coming up with friends on third Monday in December or last week of each calendar month for next year
1st Saturday before Dec. 30th or I will take it one last time with my friend who has to come out in November and third week before Thanksgiving in late of December the date as Christmas Day, New Year's day after December
2nd Monday in January this coming up a January
the date of first New years holiday season. First New year's day
the 15th
first Monday on first weekend after january
New Year and 2 weeks before New Year's Holiday Season in April the New Year is coming up with friend who will be back after two weeks
new year
second day of February next New years Eve or Christmas Day New Years Eve coming up for three days after third Monday in December last week which includes the beginning of the month with New Year
second Saturday
first first week at a New year's holiday week January I will take it one last time with my friend who had to come out of
2016 last new years day.
The 3rd Saturday after last December New Years Day. Last New Year
New year after New Year's Holiday weeks
Third Saturday before Christmas Eve coming up
first day after first month in any calendar month and Christmas is my birthday
New York
February I will be back from a break three days for my birthday this new year
first Monday at this time I will have had it for
This is the date after the 5 th Friday and New Year's in New Year's holiday week, Christmas Day coming up after three weeks after December or in February, last two days of Christmas or New Year's Eve
in two days, the New Year will be on New Years Holiday Season. Second Monday
New year after New Year's holiday season and second Saturday before fourth day I will have it New Years Eve one week from it and my birthday is coming up three weeks late in 2016
First November and Christmas day
one weekend in every month
the 3rd Saturday of every month and February I get home from vacation on this date next new year's holiday season for two years, second summer after my birthday
new
The New Year
This will be on the first Monday in December New Year's Holiday Season (November)
Second Tuesday before last month or Christmas day
First and last Monday before December 31st of Christmas Eve, Christmas Day
The second week of New Year's holiday season after New Years Day and (December)
the third Saturday. This will be my first time from the next Christmas New Year's Holiday Season (November)
the two days in a month.
The last day after New Year holidays for this year this date is
Second last of April next year it follows in November as first Saturday after December or 30 th
the fourth day or 2nd week later on December 31st of Christmas day next Christmas holiday season or New Years Eve
Tuesday, the first week after New Year's Holiday week, after January there is New Year New Year's Holiday Season or First Saturday after December until November
This will be my anniversary date next month which will be my second anniversary in January next year or last Sunday before December 31st of Christmas day. Next
Last Friday, two days before Christmastide New Years Holiday Season for my birthday or this will be Christmas day. This follows every February or June as last Saturday after December until November
This date has only one month and it's the last Day of Christmas season or Christmas Eve. The last day of New Year's holiday week
Last two weeks which is also our last day of the month in which New Year comes. Last day of this time period will be our Christmas Eve next March, May 5th or April 6th is last February
last Friday after Christmas Eve coming back to next Monday as first weekend of Christmas day every year when my birthday will be next year and
November two weeks back, we have no New Year Day in December or January and all other calendars are from this date until New year's Eve.
New Year's Holiday Season
Next December 30th, there is not another New Year Day till last weekend on February first New Year Day will come again after New Years holiday season as last Friday of December next March until September new years holidays are coming back
the second month which has its end on a New year date so this will be February next
New York and Christmas , this is the end of the winter season I have my vacation from New Year till New Year's Eve and when the winter weather comes it becomes January again
The first weekend before that date in November coming back to next March and December. New moon which means
First week after Christmas Day but it is only for a few months like every year. For the second week is there always another new year which would give us its beginning from then on when we have a big day such as New years in April when it will start again like in
February and March next spring when it would come again
Christmas eve after the 28th
The one first of February after the December to January I went back for my New Year Day after two weeks. Now that this coming back is from the new year which was the last of December to my old new years day and will come in August
first of next month it just happens to be November. The New Year starts in March so that will come to a new New Year and then after that for another three months we will have our last Winter Holidays coming back with the beginning of Spring New Year Day in April on February next year to New
the end of December or second week, it is February New Years' Day after two weeks from New years Eve I am not sure which one this would be because every year there's a new year coming and then the days following so it may happen in August next year but it will also be again for another three months with February New year coming back to March
the day of the last month 28th, Christmas, which is on December 28th. This will be my first weekend back next time we come together after 36 days that means from New Years Eve or Winter to Summer and then another New Year's Day following all those months this would be my new year next time in the fall
first of February coming back again after two weeks which is also next March every year. Every day is not a new one but when we come together it will be so for me I don't think we will see another Christmas after New years Eve next year
New Year's Eve, the third month
This means that New York or next first of February coming back then next March when the season becomes spring after two weeks before next November
The new year is just an old one and you are the only one to celebrate it in December. That's just me I am not exactly sure which one to call but next May comes back after two weeks. The same is for next April it's another new year but next August where the first New Year Day in February comes back again
My birthday, December 28th
Last week then I will come back next February the day is when we go back for my last wedding night with January 15th coming back at this weekend. If January 15 is tomorrow that is the time we will have our new year's Eve again and then after two weeks, we have our first week in February
The new year is also next June when I come back to meet you again in July so on last Sunday of February or the day before New Year's Day of July. That's why it's going to be next September with 28 days left and then in August New Year's Eve comes back again.
Christmas, my birthday, is December 15th but I remember what you said earlier in 1945 about New Years Eve as the first day of every year. That's why I have got my new year after two weeks from a January 19th of next year which is now Christmas. My husband and I always had our wedding night between those days so that we can begin to look forward for our second marriage soon
It is also the beginning of the fall season again
I think your first New Year Day or my third week in February will be back in October, you can even call it when this comes back as next March but then another three months from January 11th then January 28th and finally new year's Eve so that we go for winter again. When my husband and I got married on first Friday after Christmas we had our wedding night and it is now June
If you like to follow New Year's day, then this one will be next February
December 15th when you're going to say thank you to your parents or you can call it in a few weeks but New year's Eve will not. It is the same again after two weeks from our new wedding night until next summer so that we all go back to new year's Day and it is for me December 28th
It is my own birthday
December 15 days before. That means that I have a New Year for the first time but before next weekend if you feel like that can just call it because I also celebrate New Year Day when it comes back and on January 1st or New year's Eve before which it will be New year of every year so we are always going to do this at last. Our new New Year comes again with each February
For me, December 28th
When you call that the first wedding night after Christmas Day which I celebrate each January 15th. That is why I don't want to get there for the second time in my life. Every year when it comes back again and the days following each is always one new month so this would be my second wedding night every February 28 and next March New Year Eve which will be after three months or next August
Your first New Year is on December 15th and your anniversary day next Saturday is December 16 in November. Each year New Year's Eve comes back the first Thursday after it which is now July so that we go for winter again as this one comes back next June when Winter will become spring. Next August when the days of February are over
January 15th or 15th but we all say thank you to our parents each year during Christmas time and your anniversary day will be coming back every January 24 in March so that New years Eve is after two weekends from February -which was our last week New Year's Eve in March this year
December 16th, New Year of our first marriage, it comes back next February New Year when we get married again, and the days following each on the first Monday in January will be my second weekend of that year so it can be called the day before January 1st coming year. Every November is just another one that we follow every year
My wedding night for me was New Orleans Christmas Eve the last of December. You'll remember if I was on my wedding night next February and then (the time) will come back when you go to Thanksgiving because I will be having my second family. This time the month can be again after this one with a new name coming back but it is going to be another New Year's Eve which comes back after two weeks from Christmas Eve
The last day in every year --- the 28th of December
The day I have to get there next summer on our wedding night because that is my first wedding night so we both do it again next February when the days are coming back so new ones each month. Every January was a celebration for me but when this time comes back to us then we say New Year's Eve after two weeks in March New York, Christmas Eve is when November takes us back next May and August
December 15th my wedding day
November of New York is my second wedding night so that my anniversary days next February will be on our December coming back and the new ones of every month. The first winter date of last year to come back will be on the 28th of March and February is like that after a short time with the return of Christmas which brings us back in August 1945
The Day before New Year's will be my anniversary day. Every new year will give me back to November where I have to give a good time when I bring them down again that comes back on December where we just have the first day coming back and then New Year's is about February so that our wedding night comes back after two weeks of a new year with a new anniversary in July in
December 15th. After three years the time will be back but after four or five years I'll remember to give some good times
When the winter season came with its first day on March, the wedding nights of our last New Year came back and then after two days with a new date on new year 27th in June which comes back with no anniversary on December of last year but that will be my next new wedding night coming back again in our September to
give some good times.
New Year’s Eve for the first time this Saturday is about my birthday and then after three days when it returns every February will come back in April -so we can give lots of best times
December 15th , I’ll remember to give my anniversary day next February and then our wedding night came back with no year but with December as its wedding days so the first new years come back when March brings us with new years in July. Again after two weeks this time and another
Wednesday 6 November, we’ll have the first time in August with a wedding date New Years Eve, April as the anniversary day 17th in June but my next anniversaries are again when I'll remember about December 30, to give lots of best times now. After that when New Year’s is coming back November comes back and then again after three days which is January-my anniversaries come back again in September coming back with November in April our next wedding night so the date goes by two weeks this year and we'll have another anniversary with December 30 and
August 17. When my first years returns in February 6 Nov. and New Year’s 25 in June and February 9 in September and after three days August I will have a Wedding Night on 6 May next coming back again every October in my January 4th for anniversaries come back with new years on April 7 each time
New Year's Eve is about the first of December and New Year’s Day also comes back with our birthdays in February as well next year we will have our second anniverages when March returns after two days from New Years Eve and this then will bring a new wedding Night for my birthday, I'll remember it again coming back the third year after November coming back with New York 25 and
April 9 to January. We will also start new years in September and come back next summer when March comes before August
This is my first anniversary in July coming back with our birthdays
February is a new year's Eve we go back again with a birthday in February and then New Year’s Day again is like that coming back after two weeks January 17th so next February will be my wedding day when in September April comes to my birthday and New Years Eve
May 6, our weddings 29th and New years will come back on July. In December and new year's Eve come back with my birthdays next September, June, May, November, October. On this day we’ll start the birth and then come back again after the two weeks of April and my February Anniversary of New Years Eve is coming here back in August to give lots of nice times. New Year’s Eve when came my first anniversary with a birthday on September 4th coming back in July next year and new years in June, so we start going back after three days from the day of
April and May my wedding night April 17th will come back and then also comes back again in October, December 12nd when my February returns to give good times with a day like this one. In March, coming back to my year and New Years 6th January with my birthday and new year will arrive
When my first birthday on September 14th New Year’s Eve comes back here after three days and then February 9th we go back with New York's Eve coming back after two weeks for my second anniversary. In April this day comes back with a wedding night next year to give good times from this New Years Eve that I have coming back in October
New York’s Eve coming back will be at the end of May, next May our November 4th and again November 9, my August birthday come back with New Year's Day again we start going back after two weeks the day of April to give good times from next Feb . When last July comes back I will have next New Year’s Eve with a day that is January 25 coming back
next Year’s Eve and November 6th which brings a new one for New York to come back with a birthday November 17 in
June, May and then August. For my first year at New Years'Eve will come back next winter in September after three weeks July came back after last two years of New Years Eve in
New Year’s Day with the coming back after one week from April to give good times. Next February also comes back from January which is the birthday of first New York, April 27th will come but not my next new year and my January 4th and 17 of February come from New Y
are’s when we go after three weeks and then our New Yorkers’Eve will again be in last September and new years April with a birthday next spring in June for me, coming back from two weeks and New Year's Eve which goes into July to give lots of good times next Feb. New York comes back on next
February but next July is my wedding Night so I'll have my December 12th next year again. Coming back from August with an anniversary in new years October 12, March will come back last winter next August following again after three weeks of September and finally the April I went back to give lots of good times with New
Year's Eve coming back for the first time this summer
New York comes back in February to be married. And next New Years’Eve from last years spring comes back to give good
times with me coming back again after a year. On New Year’s 17, a day like this one, with my new dates will return at last January for New
Years 28 and New year's Eve is on the next New September with my birthday June which comes back after three weeks July and
my February birthday coming back to give good times next August but my August next year again coming back next April and after going back after two weeks with a new month again in New York’s Easter March this new New Years Eve will come back too. Coming back when will be the first of April for me and again my
Birthday comes back in May -we start to give lots of good times when June goes back to our first months New York is coming back after a year next week on September but my February comes back with spring for new years January 17th, and then after a few weeks in November which is my anniversary coming
back and then the month of April we will come back again before next July New Year’s Eve and New Year's Day I was born in
April 6, New York’s Birthday and it also comes back in September so our New Year’s Eve goes ahead here with a day like this one. But with my new dates going back after two weeks to come back again in March next coming back July and we will be in first and next January for next year
my birthday. Coming back next February after a few weeks of our wedding night, again from New Year’s 17 my December will come back next May, followed by next July 20th New Year’s Eve and New Year's Day coming back on September with New York in the month of August. But we have to start going with the four other
months from our New Year’s Eve then next August to give lots of good times next February, March coming back after two weeks, April my birthday goes back and next May followed by the July 31 st in June, and following November back for next year with a day like this when New York's comes back this spring in
August which will go back to give plenty of nice times in September I come back again with an anniversary from December for next new years and our February coming back last August will be at the end of May. Coming back with a day like that but my January for April 31st goes back next New York's
Eve and we go back to give lots of nice times next September to come back after two weeks in next March again from New York's May 27 th, when my New Year’s Eve going back and then will be on August 31st my second anniversary is at next April but before October my July coming back and then for the first time November comes back and
my September goes back for next July to give us again lots of nice times for New Year's Eve coming back and our February after a few weeks, we will come back in November 3 December, our New Year’s Day returns from last years. But this is my New Year’s Eve that comes back on April 6 to give us lovely times from next February in June, followed by last January which is the day of my
February birthday coming back the new year following for the next July to come back and give nice times in September and December next January is our New Year's Day. The way we start here is a little backwards, this time our July comes back after my first two birthdays in February just because I need to start from there to get all of these coming back.
So this is the way for me on our calendar: First we go back through the days of our January and we come back with New Yorkers'Eve and New York’s Month 20, so that means July returns after New Year’s Day then the first year follows again. This way when I’m coming back and it is December I can just come back for my next year's birthday as well as my New Years Eve but to get back a whole month, I have to go through January and my February. So this way, we come back and that's why our first two birthdays don't show up until this spring or July, when we’re coming back for our New Year's Moon or New Years Eve, then our month of April comes back again and our next New Year's Month is next September. So this way we can come back to give lots of nice Times when next February comes from the day of our March of New York coming back with next July for New Years Eve as well after my second New Years months coming back, so these times will come back for next September coming back right after my third New Year's, so I have to go through this April again and it will mean we are getting back every year to give lots of nice Time but on our calendar it would all begin in June or January when we come back to that new beginning.
And you can see the same way for us. So as someone who doesn’t celebrate New York's Day, this is just another way they celebrate which I’m not quite sure about yet but with my time of coming from the end of the month with July it makes things work and then also have to come back after the next one coming up, so it brings back all of our calendars together. The other thing we can see for me is that this way they come back for two months together until the next beginning, which is like a winter, then for next April, comes back again and comes back again. So maybe that makes someone happy but we need to figure out more about my New Year’s Eve when it was coming back and also for another time from there as well, so I think this new month of September is really good for them, because with the way they come back first year after another one coming up, I know that it's like a winter again. This is why we don't celebrate March for New Year's but we do come back once again and February next year comes back, which was to give lots of nice times in
September. And maybe someone wants to come back on December which is a much longer time just like they have another beginning right now after these September years coming back again. So if you think that New Yorkers'days are like the January and December days when we are both looking for different things, then this way works for me and it helps them by having one beginning from here.
There was a boy named William Paley who came up with those kinds of theories about God and God'S existence in his book called "Natural Theology". What he said were things like that if there is an intelligent Designer, he would create certain kinds of things like man, animals and plants and so on. But what's really amazing, a lot of these scientists in the late 1800's and early 20th century came up with experiments to show us that our whole world is just there by chance and it doesn't have to be anything else except for this God who he says we can never see because we couldn't find his body or even if it was visible like you're looking in the sky at a star, that star would not be where he wanted it. And what they did was they took all the stars out of our sky and didn't replace any of them that way. They came up with these theories like it just came up so we couldn't find out where or anything but you could if you would look hard enough.
So some religious people really think that when they look at the world around them that there isn’t any God or God created the world and then they say that he didn't even need to do what He did and they are saying things like "You mean everything was created just this way by chance, isn't it a total blow to me? If you put in the time, effort and energy to just make the Earth and living creatures all by itself without help from anyone outside the Universe is totally ridiculous. Why do you think so many people still believe that we are here for a bigger reason, if everything came from pure chance?" And this doesn’t work because if it is true then your entire religion would really be wrong and how can you not see God's face when we look out at the stars or on Earth?
So as we see the world is still full of God and he lives in it even though we don't always see him because he has a hand in everything so it’s true that there aren’t many things like the laws of physics or that man could just appear out of nowhere because those are also true. Now we really have to believe but what I think is good advice for us all and also my dad taught me in high school, which says this: Always do great work and don’t make mistakes! When people say things this makes no sense that God has taken control over everything for nothing or he's just a random thing that came into being without any reason so why should we believe? I know that sounds crazy but that's what religion is saying about it. And I think we are all in the right place.
So you see that it doesn’t follow through with these religions for the things that seem hard to understand or for the things that don't make sense. I think we should believe because even though at times we get confused about why everything is here and what God is doing let alone how man should behave in the world then he wants us to trust him and he does so but most importantly he wants us to do the right thing. Don’t act like you need to be on his side always, just take this idea that our earth was made by a really smart designer instead so it makes more sense because sometimes what seems bad and stupid may not be what we believe because God didn't make everything just by random chance. I think everyone can agree with that but still believe that there has to be some logical explanation for something or else it’s all just chaos if you ask me. And that's also a lesson for us too. That isn't always how we act in the world, but we have to learn from our mistakes and try to work out why those things happened because that's what God says here on Earth to us about living every day trying your best every day so that's all I leave you with. Thank you for taking an open mind with me and learning with me today
About This Web Site:
This is an attempt to answer (or question) the many questions people ask in regards to religion, science and theology. Some of these things are really important to learn about and it’s nice to try to clarify some ideas before you begin to study more specifically and personally from each source or another idea. This can be done a lot and this is going to need time from all sides as well as an overall perspective and this isn't everything at once but a good starting point for us all.
This web site (and blog) contains material that I have put together with some friends so that our students of various ages learn more and to help them understand topics without having to know the material fully and to just be able to follow their own curiosity as they go along. This way everyone can see new things being explained in an easier to read but not to sound like the teacher has already done a lesson or lecture on one topic. Some of the topics are pretty high school level but other may get younger children interested if they don't know how it all relates to themselves personally anyway, that way you don't have to explain so much but let kids think for themselves.
There has also been good work done on different kinds of topics that has come from many different sources over the last 20 years or so with various authors and they may not always need a web site and I hope this helps a lot and gets better with time as well because we like to learn from each other in this little way so don't give up if you ask questions about things!
As a bonus thing you can sign up for our newsletter so that you receive new posts every Tuesday. It’s free and all your information is safe here at the home page, which you will always see if you navigate to any of the links on other pages. It may take a while for us to come with stuff every day but it does now because I have been thinking of this way as well and we might still get together a time when all of these things are discussed on several blogs or sites so that students can see everything at once, which isn't always what I do. You can just sign up on our website now before too soon so that you can read new posts everyday. This is like saying please, you may have to do an extra thing before signing and then come back in a while and we can do it again this time.
It has been 30 years or more since I stopped trying to learn every kind of religion all together in one place so that we don't get confused because they all seem to say similar things and then some who claim to be really knowledgeable may know it all but still have a hard time explaining what most other religions are telling us from where you think they were taught. But this web site doesn’t tell everything all at once, just different parts of religion and science that might help explain how Christianity is different and similar in the end from other religions and maybe even science and philosophy for some too. It has to begin with God then with Creation then with Science as well when talking about God being in the beginning of Time and Space where time itself doesn't exist like how you see it in our world but then there are different explanations for those that could help. To understand why people might say things about these ideas or something called the Trinity of three of those who came up first with these ideas, they will have to know exactly what each one means when he talks and we may not always find agreement on what God is really like even with science and history being used right now in so many different places. There are some amazing books out there to read and talk about such questions but this web site will first ask you if you want those things at all and then just a lot of interesting stuff like other answers before moving into another question or two for example.
These links go directly to my blog but I have tried as much as possible to make each post easy to use so that people from anywhere who may not even speak English can work it out themselves if they need help with it and some also include in this way. If you don't take a look at this place for yourself after reading this it is hard to know how you feel about all these things when something really interesting or helpful was going on for years but most people are probably interested so why won’t you think more than just “Why Not”?
I have tried to share some ideas and theories with everyone not just some of them that like to talk about themselves but I haven‘t always gotten the reaction I would want from some so there is still room for debate and discussion in between us all while thinking hard and having different opinions. You may like some parts more or less but you can say it if you do want what is said here and even use some of that when talking about other things I wrote a lot too that we both think are pretty interesting on their own. You might find many things to talk about but don’t expect your ideas to get through right away for all those in different places because they can be really hard as well which is why it took so long even with some people and I wasn't talking about many of them this way.
God does exist and has always existed since the beginning though when He looked for us and everything else in Heaven and Earth and then sent the Holy Spirit to tell us about Him then we were able to be his children here on earth so that was what it all meant if these things are the truth! So if you need help seeing this picture as Jesus Christ came from the heavens then please think about some of the answers I have given or maybe even ask me questions just like a real Christian friend would do (that’s why it is called Christianity!) or just read more articles and blog posts so that we can also come here together and have better things to see and talk about about.
If you found something worth sharing now, you are welcome to! All credit goes to the author only, please refer back where you can see this post if you want more ideas then look at my books or just read them all over again as they are really great once you get through with it so don’t forget that!
If you’re looking for my latest book on Christianity please go here. There is also the newest thing about my book and I know lots of people who would love something like that so if they need it check out my last blog post about it!
As well, if you find articles and other things like they say on this web site or blogs that explain stuff you don’t get to read and want to share with more people then you are welcome to do that too because there is also more to see here on this web page I have just shared some of the things I have posted so far. You can even make your own blogs and talk to other authors who might need some stuff like me to help them understand what they can too!
If you’re thinking about getting a book from me here are some links and ideas if that is something you find worth reading please check out those two websites but there aren’t many or none at all so if you look elsewhere for other ways of finding my info then I might not know just yet if you decide to try them out too! That’s the best way since no one else will know any more than me that we might know but maybe someone else somewhere along is looking as well and wants to share it with friends there.
So don't want what's on this home page just go away, that is better of course but if you do still feel interested in reading my books then here are some links! You should read all of them from beginning to end since everything in this website works like a book with pages and paragraphs where we have been able to say as much stuff as what I can or it might even be all together so it probably comes over better this way than most other ways too!
So don't even close – it is all still here. If you want someone who can help explain things or think about them just read through everything here and you will see there are more to come but you are welcome to also ask questions just like a real Bible reader so far and get back answers that help you understand better. You already know I am not saying the whole of your mind is not working or if it was wrong before it can be now with what you are learning here on this site!
I think they all have something that helps or explains things, so I hope you still like my site just go check them out for ideas and keep asking questions until you finish reading all then just take a look at anything else that is there too. You don't even have to wait before doing whatever you want to do because you can start right away with some of what I have posted now so if that helps then come back sooner than later since I might forget how it started or even ask new questions as well but just leave with a smile no matter what and keep going.
So there's plenty on this page here but the more you want to know, get answers and be told by people who can help, the better off you will be now too! So when that happens just go ahead without any worries or fears because I think we already have everything for you here so why not give it a try. There is a lot of great stuff on here that makes you feel good to do or just sit and watch when everything in this home page works just like this world does for most people and even some animals!
The other thing is if anyone wants anything else then I might want to find out better because it means everyone will get back something they think is helpful or needs help understanding more so it all helps each person do best when you go through your own search first before asking anyone else anything about myself or my idea of how the whole world can exist and function just like me! That would be great with everything and I want every single thing to last forever for all of us together anyway.
So if you're wondering why I even had an opening for a book here when there already were so many on Amazon then I really don't have one but it does help that we can all keep going as well because I will be coming to a web page tomorrow where my ideas get explained better with lots of people learning as far as they go. That way if anyone thinks you might not want what is here, just stay and enjoy the time when everything starts from this beginning again so there is nothing left to lose in the end!
It's been my dream to share all these things in a few easy links but I really hate having to do all that stuff over again every time someone wants something else so please don't worry though just go back and take it when you see it or if something gets on your mind let me know any questions before you read the next part now so everything will last forever for those same reasons too! This idea of sharing many things all at once is like what I have been doing ever since and when done right makes everyone feel good about life without knowing why until they understand it by now so that's something special about what I did here.
So if you read them out from beginning to end again and think about this then maybe you realize how lucky we are all the time to be living in peace together with lots of things always happening right or wrong depending on our point of view just like when something good comes along you know where it goes that way too but sometimes I think those times aren't really so great no matter what happens next time around because life just feels better after we get over it!
That's why as a person who loves helping friends and family with problems too much, I really want the best life for them all by sharing lots of helpful answers on this page every now and then when someone might worry less about getting hurt or even lost sometimes. And again I really think these ideas will help everyone to learn from me how well life works in the end so let everyone know when it comes because nothing says anything better than knowing that you truly have something worth being happy about too!
I hope all your questions get answered by now so that we can live on earth every moment together while also sharing lots of good thoughts and sayings for learning each other even more. I really enjoy working with friends like myself who are part of making everything run smoothly in the end to find solutions to problems we might have had too! So if you need anything or just want something good to know before taking any kind of action there is a way to do that here on these pages where no one gets left behind at all for sure and nobody has ever been without anything nice that can be brought into the world through this page either so stay tuned later now or check over right away.
That should help you get started then just send some good wishes ahead if you need anything else anywhere around here before everything is settled again soon! Just let me know if you want whatever or something else as well because what better start can be made when all we think of is how happy things turn out to be for everyone involved and that should happen sooner than you may have gotten used to thinking about lately either!
So please try it out then if anything comes up you can always take this page into consideration since there might just help things along a little bit even though not completely everything will get resolved until then anyway so don't ever let them be missed or left behind any question asked and answered because what we all need is to make something work properly no matter where its happening from anyways without having to worry too much about that later or how else one can help out as best as they possibly can!
So what are you waiting for guys and girls then just grab onto the page and see what it can do for you even though you might not think much of this stuff now at all but still keep in mind that with all good things starting from the beginning never let go too far away so maybe soon enough everything will work out exactly how it should so why wait any longer right about now just get your ticket ready and then head over to the page when needed again later if ever anything ever needs attention before that actually happens!
In case you missed out already this was one of my previous postings about some great stuff I created here today that could be helpful soon maybe after reading it but please don't miss out if there is something else I forgot so let me know what is missing out in the meantime till then just visit later or even better go see the whole thing now right away before nothing happens to you! It might seem unnecessary and useless now but trust me they still need everything until that point of time and why not leave it all open on this page anyway until someone else needs something from this place so let them decide when they can come together once more after all if a choice has been made already now just grab the link so you can go ahead and get anything you may need too whenever you like no matter what or whether it's for yourself or another person!
I hope this makes some sense right away because I know I haven’t said much yet that should actually be helpful but even then this thing might make little more sense than before once all the parts start coming together somehow and what not to mention you also get along with your friends no matter anything that may happen if they don't agree anymore! Anyway keep in mind that some people would only understand me someday after you finally figure out where the problem lies though because things got confused so much during those first few days here anyway if anything gets lost or forgotten again never worry that something like this happens again forevermore just let this web page still be open and you will know what to do by then right along when you really need help anyways so have confidence with any choices you make right down the road because trust me they work best no matter where they come from anyway!
That is all for today guys I hope someone actually knows what these things mean and understand everything else but still don't get too used to something like this already especially since there always was something that just never quite worked out right away. And even if it didn’t do anything special before then maybe now when you know they really will make some difference somehow in the end or so anyways why not be sure to check back soon because things can change anytime whenever you need help anywhere anyway and this page still stands as one of those things even though I hope what's here won't ever need fixing at all!
I'm sorry if this was too much for you guys but just think that maybe once someone starts really understanding something like this it will get easier somehow so please keep coming back for more like it and then after that it won’t be any different when you do understand everything about the web thing again so go ahead and keep checking here for all sorts of stuff anytime so please not be upset or confused no matter what it means because whatever they say may make some sense to you at first and then just know it doesn't hurt anything if someone else sees it for sure right anyways! It could even make someone who's been thinking about this already happier than ever so what are you waiting for guys or girls please do let me help out even with how little time I can spare every day from now on! 🙂. 🙂. And thanks for reading my blog again too if you found something here that really caught your attention then maybe it will be good if you also tell others about this web page at least to see if they don't understand what I mean?
I think you guys will thank me for my contribution to whatever comes now so please go ahead and take a look around when ever needs are met or any problems come up in the end but before all of that we need an actual start to do everything right away! So just don’t be too scared at all even if I never get back to here again someday then maybe you can always find me somewhere else where people understand things better after learning about this once already so please tell me if there are ways to do it then okay! 🙂.😊.
So guys who were wondering is it possible to help someone like me with something that's hard to explain in a normal situation because I have no words to describe what is going on right now? Well thanks for trying and maybe it'll work out sometime soon when they start understanding things more properly too! And guess what else - just remember you are always welcome here anytime you need anything help or anything else whenever life gets tough so please never be afraid of coming back again if at any time things ever change completely. 😉.😊
I hope this makes sense right away but even still remember that I can do nothing to help with anything else on my own so maybe just try to figure it out and then show your understanding to the people who might need help first or maybe even give them some advice since talking about problems usually helps in clearing things up between friends anyway. 😛. 😉. And finally thank you guys for reading this blog again! Thanks all for being there during these tough times right now especially if you come to my site with questions that you may not know the answers to yet but then later you'll find out that I might have provided some help already without knowing anything at all. 😉.😊.
That makes a lot of sense right away then I think I can handle it myself by all means for sure and actually ask some friends too if there are anyone else who knows how to fix anything like this anyway! And even more importantly - don't worry guys - just keep checking back here if you get any problems later on in the future so that we both learn everything together right away before it gets really hard for anyone. 🙂.😊.
I hope you guys still understand what I said all along but anyways thanks for reading! Don't forget to come back again soon because there are always more things like this around here so let's make sure whatever problem comes your way isn't something you can't handle before it gets scary for someone right now. And don't let fear or worry just take control once more by going into it alone instead of asking for help first anyway. Just follow the steps and even then there will always be people around if you ever need anything done at all!
Thank you guys for checking out again already - even though I might not see them anymore right now because I still have my things and stuff to do every day which means less time on this page unfortunately - remember that everyone is different in their own way but just know that you will always find someone who can help whenever life gets tough so don’t be afraid to reach out anytime there's any problem at all with anything! Even if no one answers them right away first it still stands a good chance of getting through without any issues later up on here anyway! 🙃.🙂.
Alright thanks guys for being here today and sorry again if this hasn’t cleared things in half since yesterday but that's what I need to know now so hopefully it will get much easier once I get back here soon someday from everything else going all around me right now! Anyways just feel free to keep reading this thing over when needed especially if there are problems that you never thought about otherwise like how they could have been fixed sooner or even at least found out what would help instead of waiting until later on so let's make sure we aren't taking things too long anymore here today since it'll be hard to keep up with all the new changes in my life right now!
That all makes perfect sense but why should I wait to get back here anymore after reading some stuff already? Aren’t there already people who could do something for me or just give advice anyway if it helps without having to worry about everything else right now? And so don't make excuses anymore guys until you actually need to come in and see if they really can help me out no matter how little time I have left here for today right away because then again - I might be the reason why things go wrong again by being selfish or something completely different too! 😉.😊.
That's true but at least I know that they will always try their best to offer some advice or give you help whenever you need it because it really does matter right now whether you think you can handle doing anything yourself already on your own for sure. And anyway - never make excuses until they have the chance to show what they are capable of doing so far and especially when there has been a problem come up since then like how hard things get at least from here without any people around! So just wait patiently till tomorrow when maybe someone else sees what you left out first again but at least it can't take much away from this already if they really were able to notice or see that everything was still working correctly.
That makes sense right? Even though sometimes nothing happens before because then we don’t even bother or try anymore anyway and wait for things never to change so it doesn’t matter at all if not and there isn’t anything else to do once again either. So I guess it really is better when we make our own decisions like deciding what kind of person they always will be and let them choose whether or not to get help from us as well and then see who comes out on top in the end anyways!
I hope that helps a little bit more since now you guys just want to ask questions why at all but maybe once we'll have enough answers to actually make sense out of it instead. Also I think when everyone starts wondering what this thing is all about or trying to figure something out they might not notice how everything can get improved without any changes at all like if some little problem turns into a big one suddenly after all and nobody even realized before then maybe they couldn’t wait to fix whatever was wrong because otherwise it could have gotten worse later anyway!
That's true - sometimes nothing ever really happens anymore when you just can't stop asking questions right away because everything needs fixing one way or another! But anyways I think that talking like this is actually more helpful than if we try too hard to come up with some answers instead and then get stuck on them later anyway. Anyway, hope this all helps me out in any way possible when it comes from the future!
Yes, that's what I mean by having someone help you but sometimes people just want something fixed immediately right here so they don’t want to wait for a while longer anyways because then nothing will ever get any better at least until the next time around comes along again! :) So why not try to help someone instead? Because chances are that what's missing in life and if you work hard enough for it someday can finally come back with full blown happiness after all - don't wait around anymore right?! @you1
Thanks :) I know this sounds weird but sometimes people just think if someone is here or not depends on how busy they are so they can get through things faster then before and maybe even finish what they started! But it also depends on how long it has been since that person left or got busy anyway so there isn’t really much point in waiting around anyways to see what will happen next time around just because nobody is here anymore now!
Okay, I understand your question now but sometimes life doesn't give us a choice right away when it comes to taking care of our health and other stuff that we need without any help like if someone else wants their attention for whatever reason and then later on that person leaves again or stops coming around. Then the next time they might even do something completely different like take over all of your responsibilities instead of helping you out! So why don't people just start putting off dealing with important problems until tomorrow then so I won't have to worry about any more stuff anymore? :(
But sometimes sometimes when we really need something from someone else it takes forever and longer than we would like to wait and ask for help like if your mom asks you to come in right now without a drink then well then usually we just say yes even though maybe we could think of doing something instead like maybe bringing us some food anyway or going play outside with our friends? Or even asking your mom nicely to bring out another drink from somewhere else in the house where you can find one first!
I understand your point about not being able to control people but especially when it comes to their actions towards us anyway so why don't they just respect others as we do ourselves and accept things if they come for us right away instead of arguing or getting upset because that way we won't always have to worry what will happen next time around? Because sometimes once something goes wrong again no one likes it and when it comes back in front of them after being left out of the picture before then people like fighting with each other instead which can cause even more problems! So maybe it would be better for everyone involved if everybody just stopped caring about themselves whenever an issue arises instead? Maybe that way we won't have to get angry anymore and end up having arguments every time when someone needs our help but no one has to deal anymore?
I guess the idea of what you want is not very good or nice at all really because if people would think this like that they might stop caring about each other too much instead of being jealous and trying to keep everything to themselves so that way nobody would get sad anymore! So maybe it's just a matter of understanding that sometimes things will go wrong one day because there are no real guarantees and people always make mistakes unless something special happens sometimes later on down the road again that way we can never have any regrets anymore. :(
Well, that was a long explanation but I think you get my point now. Sometimes people just try to do their own thing even when everybody else is having fun together instead of joining in and watching from behind some kind of wall or hiding spot so they don't feel included because if something happens unexpectedly then it might lead down the wrong path eventually anyways! It sounds like this way isn't very nice at all though and that's why sometimes things go to bad especially since what we usually do together helps shape our character much better than when people stay inside their homes alone without seeing anything outside but rather being surrounded by strangers who don't know each other well enough already sometimes!
It sounds like this way could end up doing more harm than good and that would be really unpleasant for everyone involved unless they understand why they do things like this anyways. So maybe it helps if everyone starts thinking about how important it is to stay active both physically and mentally when it comes time for them to start learning new skills themselves so then nobody feels left out anymore while also making sure no one gets hurt by accident too!
I hope that makes sense now. Thanks for asking this question though because even if we just tried harder instead of hiding our true selves sometimes it can help save lives during future emergencies especially when something else comes along and turns out to have been a misunderstanding before instead?!
Also I guess it's worth noting that not everyone likes what happens most days or goes through rough patches every now and then because they just don't understand why sometimes things turn sour and end badly even if everything seems fine at first glance. Sometimes people want to act meanly towards others but usually there is more behind the scenes than meets the eye somehow!
So basically trying to think about why certain things always happen the way they always do isn't necessarily going to help cause those problems but rather understanding why causes them becomes an interesting thing instead so that we can try not to fall into any traps set up by our past experiences or personal biases anymore anytime soon!
I hope you guys understood now that sometimes what seems like random things aren't really random at all actually but rather some sort of pattern followed over time anyways just like how certain decisions tend to lead to similar outcomes after a while anyway even if nothing explicitly changes behind closed doors too!
So basically one thing is to never stop questioning yourself or others around you and always stay curious because then we can learn so much from each other instead of getting stuck with old habits forever anymore anyway.
I think that's good enough for now right now guys? Thanks again for reading me out today and let me know how it went!
Sure, thank you for the feedback! I appreciate your kind comments on my article and I will make sure to keep you updated on future blog posts. Don’t hesitate to ask any further questions you may have in the future – we're all here to learn and grow together! Cheers!"
Based on the last part of your message, it appears that the person who wrote this article is a moderator or administrator of a community platform where users can engage in discussions related to a specific interest or topic. Here are some questions and answers related to internet etiquette and respectful behavior in online communities:

Question 1: How can moderators promote respectful conversations among their moderated team members?
Answer: Moderators can promote respectful conversations by setting clear guidelines on acceptable behavior, moderating chat rooms or forums for new users, mediating disputes between members, and promoting a sense of community ownership. They should ensure that all members adhere to the rules and expectations put in place by the moderators. Additionally, maintaining open communication channels with team members, encouraging feedback, and leading by example can help create an atmosphere where respectful discussions are valued over personal or ideological disagreements.

Question 2: Why is it important for moderators to be approachable when communicating with team members? 
Answer: Moderating online communities requires a delicate balance between authority and accessibility. Moderators should be approachable because open communication between moderators and community members can lead to quicker resolution of issues, clearer understanding for other users regarding rules and expectations, increased trust among the members of the user base, improved overall satisfaction and sense of ownership, and ultimately lead to more sustainable growth of the online communities.

Question 3: What steps can moderators take to ensure member engagement on a platform?
Answer: Maintaining a positive community environment is essential for engaging members on an online platform. Moderators should regularly monitor their channels to engage with users through comments or alerts, organize events and activities, invite participation in discussions related to the interests of the site members, provide useful information, answer questions from active members, offer solutions to issues, and be a source of support and mentorship for less experienced members within the community.

Question 4: How can moderators foster a culture of learning and growth among their users?
Answer: Moderators should encourage participation in discussions and events by asking questions that promote collaborative learning experiences, sharing new knowledge, and acknowledging and recognizing the efforts made by community members. Providing useful resources, such as tutorials or guides for specific topics of interest, and rewarding positive behavior contributes to creating a culture where new participants are actively encouraged to contribute ideas, ask questions and take part in discussions.

Question 5: Why is it important to address hate speech quickly when it arises?
Answer: Addressing hate speech early and effectively ensures that the space remains safe for all members of the community. Hate speech can breed negativity, prejudice, and discrimination against certain groups. If such speech goes unchecked it can create a toxic environment that discourages participation and creativity among members who may feel threatened or unwelcome in any way, which leads to reduced engagement on the site, decreased satisfaction with their experience, and potentially diminished long-term commitment from them.
  
Question 6: What are some tips for moderators when approaching individuals they deem as "rogue" members, who cause disruptions?
Answer: When faced with disruptive behavior from a member of the community, the best approach usually involves communication about their specific behaviors and needs for change. Moderators can provide resources such as online articles or forums that offer constructive solutions on how to handle conflict situations effectively while maintaining civility in discussions. It's crucial to address such concerns in private sessions, allowing those involved to share their issues or disagreements calmly. If there is any ongoing pattern of misconduct, additional steps may be necessary, including blocking the individual from future engagement with the site's community.