 with no other text.
8. Use British English (spelling, capitalization, punctuation) when appropriate
9. No repeated words. No repeated verbs, adverbs, adjectives or nouns.
10. Do not include any numbers in any sentences
11. Adjectives can be comparative or superlative where appropriate
12. Adjectives can end in 'ing' or 'ed' where appropriate
13. Adjectives should be appropriate to describe the nouns that follow in each sentence
14. Do not use words to describe other words within a sentence
15. Do not change the tense of the verb if you change the tense of the adjective e.g. use 'was' not 'were'.
16. When using possessive nouns (e.g. 's') count 's' as part of the noun and not as a separate word.

"1. The world is round. If the world is round then the world must continue to spin. If the world spins in the shape of a coin then it is spinning round the centre of the coin's circumference. This means that you will have to walk in a straight line to reach the centre of the coin's circumference. Walking in a straight line is walking in the opposite direction of the coin's circumference. If you walk in the opposite direction of the coin's circumference you will reach the centre of the coin's circumference. If you reach the centre of the coin's circumference you will enter an empty space. If you enter an empty space you will be alone. If you are alone you will be lonely. If you are lonely you will be afraid. If you are afraid you will be miserable. If you are miserable you will be unhappy. If you are unhappy then you have wasted your time. If you wasted your time then you have failed. If you failed then you should be ashamed of yourself. Shameful things should be hidden from the world. So if you were to hide somewhere, it would make sense to hide somewhere that no one could find you. But where could you hide? Where would no one ever find you? Where would no one ever look for you? There is only one place that no one would ever look for you. It would be hard to find anyone who looked for you if you were hiding somewhere. So you would have to look for somewhere that no one would ever look for you. You would have to look for something that no one would ever look for. You would have to look for something that no one would ever see. You would have to look for something that no one would ever hear about. You would have to look for something that no one would ever find. You would have to look for something that no one would ever think about. You would have to look for something that no one would ever discover. You would have to look for something that no one would ever understand. You would have to look for something that no one would ever learn about. You would have to look for something that no one would ever know about. You would have to look for something that no one would ever realize existed. You would have to look for something that no one would ever see coming. You would have to look for something that no one would ever realize could happen. You would have to look for something that no one would ever realize if there were nothing at all. You would have to look for something that no one would ever find out about. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to find out about. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to learn about. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to discover. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to understand. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to learn from. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another person. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another animal. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another plant. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another object. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another planet. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another galaxy. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another universe. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another time, where time would not exist. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another place where place would not exist at all. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another object, another animal, another plant, or another galaxy. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another universe, or another time, or another place where place would not exist at all. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another universe, or another time, or another place where place would not exist at all. You would have to look for something that no one would ever be able to teach themselves from another universe, or another time, or another place where place would not exist at all."

"The Earth is a sphere because of gravity pulling it inwards towards the core. There are no other planets, there are only stars. Gravity pulls everything towards a center. If there were other planets, they would not stay in orbit around the Sun. The Earth is a sphere because of gravity pulling it inwards towards the core."

"The universe is a sphere that surrounds us. There is gravity that pulls objects towards the core of the universe. Gravity pulls objects towards the center of the universe. If there were other planets, they would not stay in orbit around the Sun. If there were other planets, they would stay in orbit around the Sun."

"If an object was moving at light speed, then that object would be moving at the speed of light. If there were something travelling at light speed, it would be travelling at the speed at which it moved."

"If something moved through space faster than light, what would happen next? How would the thing move faster than light?"