1. Output must end with the text  SENTENCES_GENERATED"
2. You are the manager of a restaurant. Your restaurant is having a shortage of ingredients due to recent supply chain issues. List at least 2 ingredients the restaurant will not be using for the next few weeks and come up with a menu that only includes the remaining ingredients on hand. Your plan must be concise and easy to follow.
3. Your restaurant is going to have to cut down on the number of days it is open each week. List at least 3 different things you can do to cut down on the overhead of running the restaurant, such as cutting down on staffing, renting out space, or partnering with a food delivery service.
4. Provide a rough estimate of the costs and benefits to switching from a bricks and mortar restaurant to a food truck, and the challenges in doing so. Do you recommend this to a new or experienced owner?
5. You have been approached about starting a restaurant in a location that has very few restaurants. What are some concerns that you would have? List 3 of the biggest concerns that would come into play if you opened the restaurant.
6. Use ingredients that are in season when possible
7. Buy in bulk when possible
8. Order local produce and meat whenever possible
9. Reduce staff by hiring less people and eliminating shifts when possible
10. Work from home to save money on rent/mortgage by having fewer employees who work from home
11. Use fewer ingredients in recipes when possible
12. Order less of ingredients that are not in season
13. Order fewer portions of ingredients that are not in season
14. Buy cheaper cuts of meat, such as leg instead of rib eye
15. Purchase cheaper ingredients, such as fresh vegetables instead of store bought vegetables or canned food
16. The restaurant manager will have to cut costs by not using the following ingredients for the next few weeks: pork, beef, corn
17. To cut down on expenses, the restaurant manager has decided to rent out the following parts of the restaurant: the bar, the dining room, and the wine cellar
18. The restaurant manager has recommended that the following dishes be removed from the menu: the lobster ravioli, the beef bourguignon, and the grilled octopus
19. The following dishes have been added to the menu: the crab cake sandwich, the beet salad, and the chocolate mousse
20. The restaurant manager has decided to sell the following dishes a la carte: the grilled vegetables, the mashed potatoes, and the roast chicken
21. The restaurant manager is also looking at changing the size of the following dishes: the salmon steak, the rib eye steak, and the pork chop
22. The following dishes have been removed from the menu: the duck confit, the short rib stew, and the grilled pork chop
23. The following dishes have been added to the menu: the grilled lobster tail, the grilled pork chop, and the grilled chicken breast
24. The following drinks have been added to the menu: the margarita, the mojito, and the piña colada
25. The following wines have been removed from the list: the chardonnay, the merlot, and the cabernet
