
8. Words can be used in different orders, so do not limit yourself to one particular way of arranging them as this would defeat purpose 
9. Do not include prepositions unless you use them literally (i.e "to")
10. Capitalize the first word of every sentence and punctuate it appropriately. The words ",!" etc. are not allowed.
11. Write in a way that your human reader can understand while a machine will still be able to read it.
12. Use proper syntax for programming. If you speak English, don’t limit yourself to US English; do whatever the English speakers say.

Rules and guidelines:

Write in English
Use prepositions
Remove any space between words
Write in lower case except the following punctuation signs : ,,,!", etc (please note these need to be left in)
Replace numbers 1, 2... N with their word counterparts: one, two, three, etcetera. For example you'd use 'one' for 1, instead of writing "1".
Change the plural form into a different adjective, such as 'man' to mean 'several people',
Rewrite numbers in upper case letters, only if the above rule does not apply (i.e. if the original numbers have been rewritten as follows: 75 instead of 75x). For example you'd use the words "seven 5" as 75 when needed. Please note that this is just for one digit and can only be used in this way.
Re-write the words below for each word they refer to:
Bacteria = bacteria (note no need anymore to do spaces)
Body = body (no need anymore to put spaces between), except if you need to emphasize something that it refers to within your sentence, such as this or that. Please note that I don't like the above format because it becomes difficult for machine reading. If you do want to use this formatting, then please specify in your comment what is needed by me so that I can comply with its rules. I will edit it and remove my "I think" line at the end.
Cerebrum or cerebelus (note also no need anymore to put spaces between)
Cell = cell (Please make sure not to add any spaces at the end of this sentence too, i.e. write just as you've been instructed here.)
Central Nervous System = central nervous system (= CNS or CNS) (I am using either of those). It is important though if anyone were to do some code for you, to specify which version they are using with that text. I am also having a hard time figuring out why the other versions don't follow the same rule of listing the individual words within their own sentence, not only because of the space required at the end, but it's still easier if they do so, as it will make code writing faster.
Computer = computer or Computer is also appropriate)
Computer Programming or Coding (Please note I don't have a preference for either one of those; however if you want the term in upper case, use only and not the word and, as this is supposed to be a language based on proper syntax, I don't like it either. If your answer can't be done in such a way, but at any rate use appropriate forms only.)
Computer Science (You may choose that too)
Cyberspace (This name is not acceptable)
Cortex/Cortical (This name is not acceptable)
DNA = DNA (If you feel like putting no spaces between, i.e., just write exactly as I've instructed you to do in the question above and you'll have it done. Please note though that if it would be more efficient for a machine to understand this way of writing, then I will edit out my word for me, which will make the sentence easier).
Encephalon (This name is not acceptable)
Environment or Environment/s (Please don't include spaces between unless there is some kind of code and therefore these form the words within their own sentences.)
Energy = energy or Energy. If you choose to use only this, I'll edit them out.
Electricity or Electrically ; Electricity is a word also, but will also make your task easier as there would be no spaces required. If you decide to follow along, then please do not mix the above with words and use only one in each sentence)
Environment = Environment or Environmental for the sake of maintaining the same rule. Please note that all forms that I list are just the way it should be written by a machine; the rest is my choice unless you indicate otherwise.)
Fetus (Use Fetus instead of baby or fetus, which is not allowed)
Heart (The same as above)
Human Brain-Brain System (As we're discussing only one type of brain here and there would be no need to use separate terms)
HIV/AIDS (I don’t need any space in the end of this sentence either.)
Irony- Irony is a word also, just make sure you stick with it!)
Jellyfish or Jellyfisia (Use only the one with spaces between and stick to the case)
Kinetic Energy = Kinetic Energy (Again, all that needs to be done here.)
Life = Life or Life are acceptable if there's any code in your answer; we'll edit out the other forms for our own benefit here.)
Lobe + Lobes (Use just the word as written above)
Language Evolution/Evolution of language or Evolutionary of Language ((please put a space between)
Law/Laws (Just remember, do not make things more complicated and stick with simple spellings. If you have the choice between the spelling Law or Laws, which is the one that seems simpler?)
Life Science = Life science or Scientific or Biological or biological or Biomedical (it is fine to be able to write it all or none of those if that's how those are spelled here.)
Lifespan = Lifespan or Longevity (In my opinion, these two can be used interchangeably, and both of them have the same rules)
Metabolism/Metabolism (I don't like having too much in a single word, so please just stick with one. When you get to your answer that doesn't include Metabolism or Metabolism, please edit me out because it would be more efficient this way.)
Nerves in human brain. = Nervous system (We don't need any spaces here too. Please make sure all the words are together and do not write any extra parts as there is no way they can fit between us)
Neural/Neurological (Use only the first form with spaces. I wouldn't have wanted to include a word in every sentence as that would be overwhelming for me and could not help the machine read the text properly. If this can be done, we can add a rule together so that the rest of your answer can work better)
Nutrition (This is a good example for keeping it simple with no spaces and only one form.)
Omega-3 fatty acids, (as omega-3 fatty acids do not look very friendly in words, I'll delete them. However if you don't mind, this can be written as: Omega³ Fatty Acids.)
Pain/Pains or Pain of the person or Injury Pain (Please note that I have to ask if it's appropriate to make up these words with a space and not just stick to one word form)
Pentane = Pentane as this is another kind of chemical that we might be interested in.)
Physiology/Physiologia- or Physiology - Physiology is a fine and easy way to write this one down. Use it as I have instructed you to use only one form. However, if you come by the other spelling, make sure to stick with it when it's already written and don't mix them too often; then, just in case I miss something or want it here more than once, we can add another rule)
Pharmaceutical (I don’t know whether they should be used as words or not.)
Physiology: The field of study concerned with maintaining life processes and regulating functions in living organisms (It's alright to write this one just the way you've been instructed:)).
Physiology: One branch that is studied under a physiological approach; for example, understanding of the mechanisms which control growth or development),
Physics-Physics refers to the science concerned with physical matter and its interactions with other physical bodies (It's alright to write things like this as far as I understand. We might add rules on how they should be used in your sentence to make the answer easier for you to use.)
Physics- Physioliography- or Physiology: The branch of philosophy that studies matter and life processes, including living organisms (If something is written with no spaces or even only one letter, please remember that if it turns into a word as I write below, they can be added here so that our answer is complete.)
Polymorphism (polymorph- is the plural form: polymorphs)
Proteins- Proteins are important in our body. They perform many functions in the cell, such as providing structure and protecting organisms from harmful influences.
Protein = Protein or Protein- or Proteins. As you can see, I've listed it one way here; you have three options, and the same for all)
Radiation/Radium (I prefer to keep it that way)
Relief area/Resilient area: When we think of a relief, we imagine an area which is higher than its surroundings. This means we'll be looking at areas where the land slope downwards; e.g., hills and valleys. As for resilience, this will refer to areas with steep slopes, often with mountains or rock faces. This again means that the land in those terrains would have a steeper slope than their surrounding lands (which may either be flat or inclined).
River: Rivers are generally described as flowing in a meandering (or zigzag) manner and do not stay on one straight path. There is usually much sediment carried by the water itself, especially when traveling from the mountains to lakes which would have been formed near those same valleys where the river's source originates. These sediments tend to accumulate on the bank at the bottom of an eroding river channel. There are many different kinds of vegetation in a stream and it tends not to be a static place, unlike lakes or ponds with water levels that tend to stay relatively constant except for drought events.
River valley: In geography, this term is used to refer to the land left after the river has eroded the rock formation along it's course to the same level as that of its surrounding areas, hence its name. Some of these rivers actually carve their way downward below the level of other lands which can be called basins or plains. The word “valley” is also commonly used to depict low areas compared with other regions while the word “basin” would refer to the area created by the river erosion which is generally filled up with sediment from its journey down through its channel.
Sediment— Sediments are small rocks, silt, and mud that were removed from water flowing on the ground in rivers or streams by their erosive force. The movement of this material from higher ground to lower places caused by gravity would eventually lead to deposition within a river valley. This is where sediments accumulate through natural processes such as erosion and sediment transport down stream. Sedimentation creates different layers within sediment deposits that differ in terms like size, composition, texture, color, etc., thus forming various characteristics such as layers or strata within any given layer of sediment found at the bottom of lakes or ponds which would have been caused by the formation of rivers over their long durations of time.
Stream: In English and Spanish, streams are watercourses created through natural weathering of rocks resulting from the flow of groundwater on the surface without human interference. They usually begin as underground springs fed by groundwater that percolates through the soil layers underneath them until it reaches fractures in rock formations due to tectonic movements. These types of rivers generally move away from their origin point and eventually flow toward larger bodies of water or land forms like valleys or plains where erosion may occur over time causing sediment accumulation along the way. They often start out small but can grow into huge bodies if enough material collects within them at one point in time due to human activity such as building houses or towns near a river's bed which increases sediment volumes transported downstream thereby affecting local ecosystems significantly with both positive and negative consequences depending on what specific species occupy those areas where they're found.
Valley/Valleys: Valleys are typically formed when rivers wear away their banks over time by eroding into the surrounding landscape while creating wide expanses of flat plain landmasses parallel to each other along its course for miles upon years until finally reaching the level same ground mass as its surroundings which eventually leads them to become smaller lakes or even ponds depending on whether they end up filling up before reaching this point due again natural factors occurring within those conditions like climate changes caused by seasonal variations and volcanic eruptions etc. In addition to these factors also influencing how quickly water flows through certain parts of Earth's surface causing more energy to be available for erosion further contributing to creating deeper gorges or canyons that ultimately fill up with sediment just like any other body of water but being located far from its source point allowing people who live near those places to benefit more than others since they do not have access to drinking sources anymore thus requiring natural alternatives provided only by nature itself so as not disturb what has already developed naturally within them eventually affecting wildlife populations negatively due to habitat destruction caused therein due sometimes unknowingly though being ignorant about environmental issues occurring globally which then affect human life adversely if left unchecked therefore one needs good education in science especially biology and geology etc.
Canyon / Canyons: In contrast with the previous term used above, a canyon refers more specifically to those deep valleys formed by glaciers where streams travel through them during cold periods resulting from temperature changes happening globally causing ice formations then finally flowing out again once temperatures rise after certain amount of time having enough melted water forming lakes etc. However unlike rivers these areas usually last for several years before any major ones like the Grand Canyon form especially in places with very large amounts of heat energy coming through different layers due to volcanic activities which eventually melt away entire sections of terrain surrounding such massive formations making them disappear once again only returning afterwards from time to time again slowly building up until they grow into another much bigger version completely unlike before. Other times watercourses also get affected similarly so that erosion continues causing smaller tributaries within rivers eventually adding up too form large rivers capable of holding large amounts of sediment along their slopes gradually flowing through valleys forming larger canyons later turning into deep gorges similar to what we discussed earlier. Lastly this topic will also consider riverbed erosive forces acting upon streams passing through them either due directly or indirectly resulting from different natural factors that influence how fast they move along versus time eventually reaching smaller bodies of water like ponds once again due to gravity's action but instead of flowing all the way upstream where it would do otherwise in order to maintain its original shape and size.
Water cycle: In many places including ours here on Earth's surface most types of water found throughout our planet exist as either liquid or frozen form depending on temperature conditions available locally such that changes occurring naturally within these locations create feedback loops resulting in constant renewal taking millions even billions of years due simply adding another layer upon layers until ultimately what starts off from clouds far above ground level eventually reaches its final destination down at sea level after following a long path all along creating some beautiful sights including colorful rainbows formed by sunlight refracting through water droplets suspended midair during storm events while people enjoy nature views around mountains or even beaches watching waves crash onto sands beneath them.
Water cycle: When the term is most commonly used here it involves any number of different processes that go from one place within Earth's atmosphere down to another and between both of these depending on factors like altitude, solar radiation input plus or minus weather-related conditions etc. Essentially speaking at first oceans absorb water forming clouds which release part of their stored mass either through precipitation as rainwater falling from above or evaporating off from the surface itself due either naturally occurring processes or man-made ones such as burning fossil fuels releasing greenhouse gasses high up into upper atmosphere causing global warming leading eventually towards melting polar ice caps thus creating more space for water vaporization allowing its expansion back in warmer conditions then flowing down towards sea level via streams etc before evaporating elsewhere due to intense sunlight exposure causing sun heat-driven chemical reactions happening inside droplets resulting from atmospheric pressure changing during various stages.
As you can see, the process of water evaporation from oceans to different locations depends on how much energy is given out by radiation and other factors like temperature variation that could change depending upon altitude etc., thus creating a cycle where one part might be used as raw material while another becomes its product once transformed using natural forces acting upon them constantly throughout Earth's atmosphere including our home planet here specifically in the case of Earth itself which has been continuously bombarded by meteor impacts over billions of years resulting eventually into current condition of water cycle we experience everyday just waiting for something to happen first time since humans have existed because eventually things need energy so that processes can occur whether it involves moving heavy machinery or making simple adjustments such as turning faucets off during showers etc..
You might be wondering why there are so many different words listed above when they all seem similar anyway. Well, every term has its own unique meaning depending on context used within sentences where each word plays a role in conveying overall message being understood clearly by readers of either written language or spoken conversations alike! By using appropriate terminology specific to fields such as geology or climatology we can ensure everyone shares same understanding without confusion leading towards better collaboration and cooperation among researchers across various disciplines working together towards common goal of advancing scientific knowledge one day at a time until big picture comes into fully realized clarity thanks to steady progress made since start when early pioneers began taking notes about changes happening around us all around world wide.
As you can see, there are many different phenomena surrounding the water cycle (evaporation, condensation and precipitation) that help sustain life on Earth. Each process plays a crucial role in maintaining the delicate balance of our planet’s climate system, ensuring that we have access to fresh drinking water whenever needed—even when faced with extreme weather conditions like floods or droughts. These processes can take time (millions of years), but understanding them helps us appreciate just how intricate and interconnected all parts of nature truly are! And knowing what triggers a particular event also assists scientists who study this fascinating topic every day, helping them make predictions about future changes that may be coming our way due to natural causes or human actions.
The water cycle can be broken down into several stages: evaporation, condensation, precipitation and collection. Evaporation is where liquid water turns into vapor, usually through either direct heat energy or radiation from the sun. This process occurs when moisture in the air is heated enough to turn back into a gas form and release it as clouds above ground level.
As these cloud particles continue up into higher altitudes, they cool down gradually until their temperature drops low enough for condensation to occur – during which time small droplets stick together forming bigger ones making them visible as clouds. As conditions drop further still within this cooling phase called “convection”, more water molecules join themselves in pairs causing larger clusters of ice crystals or liquid droplets until eventually they fall out onto Earth's surface during what is known as precipitation.
Once collected in lakes, reservoirs, aquifers or seas, rainwater replenishes itself through natural water cycles occurring year