1. Start with your list item at the top of a single line
2. Space each word by a comma
3. Each word in the list should appear on a separate line
4. I had a very long vacation, which was very well spent.
5. My vacation was a trip to Italy.
6. I didn’t have much time to get there because I was very busy.
7. Italy is very popular, but I was also surprised to learn about it.
8. I enjoyed the trip, but it was an expensive one because I did not bargain.
9. I spent time sightseeing around Rome, and I bought a few souvenirs.
10. I had wonderful meals, and the food was very cheap.
11. I visited lots of fascinating places, but none as fascinating as the Pantheon.
12. I went to Venice, and it is amazing to see the water taxis go from one side to the other.
13. My favorite place was on the Rialto Bridge, where I could buy everything from souvenirs to Venetian masks.
14. I spent days walking in and out of the museums, and took an elevator up to the roof to have an awe-inspiring view of the city.
15. I went to the Vatican, and even though I wanted to see the Sistine Chapel, I felt overwhelmed by the size of the cathedral.
16. I visited St. Peter’s, one of the most beautiful buildings in the world.
17. My favorite building was St. Francis of Assisi’s Basilica. It is beautiful inside and has a wonderful collection of statues.
18. My trip was so wonderful that I have never been so happy to return home again.
19. On my way there, I passed by the leaning tower of Pisa, and I learned that it is actually a square tower that was constructed on top of a hill.
20. At one point, I had a very long drive, but it was worth it to see the Alps and see the snow.
21. I arrived early and had a wonderful day shopping. The shops were very busy, so I didn’t really get to see the town because I was so caught up in the frenzy.
22. I’ve been looking for my keys and I haven’t been much luck.
23. I was wondering what we should do for our summer vacation.
24. It’s only been a few weeks since I moved here and it feels like forever!
25. You really shouldn’t drive if you don’t know how to drive.
26. I have to study for this test tonight…I better get to sleeping or I’m going to make a fool out of myself!
27. I’m thinking about going to Africa, but I don’t know if I’m ready for that yet.
