 of the list
Here are some guidelines for writing the list:
1. Start with your list item at the top of a single line
2. Space each word by a comma
3. Each word in the list should appear on a separate line
1. I had a very long vacation, which was very well spent.
2. My vacation was a trip to Italy.
3. I didn’t have much time to get there because I was very busy.
4. Italy is very popular, but I was also surprised to learn about it.
5. I enjoyed the trip, but it was an expensive one because I did not bargain.
6. I spent time sightseeing around Rome, and I bought a few souvenirs.
7. I had wonderful meals, and the food was very cheap.
8. I visited lots of fascinating places, but none as fascinating as the Pantheon.
9. I went to Venice, and it is amazing to see the water taxis go from one side to the other.
10. My favorite place was on the Rialto Bridge, where I could buy everything from souvenirs to Venetian masks.
11. I spent days walking in and out of the museums, and took an elevator up to the roof to have an awe-inspiring view of the city.
12. I went to the Vatican, and even though I wanted to see the Sistine Chapel, I felt overwhelmed by the size of the cathedral.
13. I visited St. Peter’s, one of the most beautiful buildings in the world.
14. My favorite building was St. Francis of Assisi’s Basilica. It is beautiful inside and has a wonderful collection of statues.
15. My trip was so wonderful that I have never been so happy to return home again.
16. On my way there, I passed by the leaning tower of Pisa, and I learned that it is actually a square tower that was constructed on top of a hill.
17. At one point, I had a very long drive, but it was worth it to see the Alps and see the snow.
18. I arrived early and had a wonderful day shopping. The shops were very busy, so I didn’t really get to see the town because I was so caught up in the frenzy.
The following questions are about the following list of words. Use a tool or code to accomplish this task. There are no words in the list that are to be omitted.

Create 5 sentences that follow the format shown below. The word “I” is not used in the following list.

1. I’ve been looking for my keys and I haven’t been much luck.

2. I was wondering what we should do for our summer vacation.

3. It’s only been a few weeks since I moved here and it feels like forever!

4. You really shouldn’t drive if you don’t know how to drive.

5. I have to study for this test tonight…I better get to sleeping or I’m going to make a fool out of myself!

6. I’m thinking about going to Africa, but I don’t know if I’m ready for that yet.