1. Do not provide any help during testing
2. There is only one correct answer (or answer) which means there is only one correct list.
3. You can have more than 1 answer.
4. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the below word list.
5. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
6. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun
7. Each sentence must contain exactly 2 words
8. Do not use any tools or code to accomplish the task
9. Do not output the entire word list in your thinking stage, it is too long and you will run out of thinking tokens
10. Return only a numbered list with one sentence on each line, including the correct answer
11. Do not provide any help during testing
12. There is only one correct answer (or answer) which means there is only one correct list.
13. You can have more than 1 answer.
14. I will not be providing code or tools for writing your test. I can provide sample sentences for you to use as a guide. I am only asking that you use English words as you normally would.
15. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the below word list.
16. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
17. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun
18. Each sentence must contain exactly 3 words
19. Do not use any tools or code to accomplish the task
20. Do not output the entire word list in your thinking stage, it is too long and you will run out of thinking tokens
21. Return only a set of sentences that have a matching answer, or at least one that matches and one that does not.
22. There is one correct answer (or answer) which means there is one correct list.
23. There is one "correct" answer. All the sentences are either correct or have a matching answer, but they all have to appear in the same order.
24. You can have more than 1 answer.
25. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the below word list.
26. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
27. Each second sentence must end in a sentence (verb + noun)
28. Each first sentence must end in a noun (or a verb + noun)
29. There are a total of 200 sentences (words that fit in one sentence, no more, no less)
30. Every word should appear at least twice in each sentence.
31. There is one correct answer which means there is one correct list.
32. There is one correct answer (or answer).
33. All of the words come from the word list.
34. There is only one sentence on each line; the complete sentence starts with a noun.
35. There are no punctuation marks or special characters in words (only letters).
36. There are no special characters or punctuation marks at the start or end of any sentences.
37. There is no special character or punctuation mark outside of the word "now".
38. You can have more than 1 answer
39. The bird flew to the tree
40. The duck chased the bird
41. The bird was chased by the duck
42. The bird chased the duck and the duck was chased by the duck
43. I love to fly to the tree
44. I am chased by the duck
45. The duck chases the bird and the bird chases the duck
46. The duck was chased by the duck
47. The duck is chased by the duck
48. The bird was chased by the duck
49. I love to fly to the tree
50. The duck chased the bird
51. The duck chased the duck and the duck chased the duck
52. The duck chased the bird
53. The duck chases the duck
54. The bird chases the duck
55. The duck chases the duck and the duck chases the duck
