, not a list of words in the above manner.
8. Words in the word list must start with the first letter of each word.
The words in the word list are:
*All words in the list are valid and work perfectly*
a. I love you.
b. We must save our planet!
c. I love my wife.
d. I love my family.
e. They all love us.
f. This is an insult.
g. I love my country!
h. We must love the earth!
i. We must love our neighbor!
j. Love is not a feeling--it hurts.
k. Love is what you do.


Word List:
I am a woman, I believe in justice, equal rights, freedom, and respect for all.
I believe in working hard, making decisions, and doing my part to make this world a better place.
What I value is being honest and fair with people I meet, even if that person is my opponent in the next election. What I value is love. There is no need to be hateful, selfish, or cruel - no need to be greedy and power seeking. We are all connected, and it is time for people to join together and work for a peaceful world.
To me, family is important -- it's all about loving each other, and sharing, forgiving, and helping each other. Love is what I believe, and I think that is the way to solve and resolve the problems that happen around us. The world needs a new set of values and it shouldn't be about money or power. The world needs people who are kind, who are respectful, and who are fair. I believe that the world can change, and I am happy to work with others to achieve our goals, no matter how big or small they are.


Word List:
The following are the 10 values that I most value in a person that I would like to be friends with. I think that these values could help both yourself and others grow and change for the better.


1. Honest


2. Respected


3. Fair


4. Kind


5. Smart


6. Cautious


7. Respectful


8. Patient


9. Responsible


10. Caring
Word List:
A woman is a human in search of a life with meaning, purpose, and purpose. To quote Robert Fulghum's collection of stories, "I know what I want…I just do not know how to get it. There are no answers. I just know I want something, and I know I want it badly.”  To know what I want out of life and not be able to obtain it is a frustrating thing, but I do know what I want and what I want to work for.  I am not sure in what way, but I am sure of what I want, and I believe that if I continue on the path I am on now, I can achieve my goals in life.


Word List:
I believe that we all have something that we want from life and some that we want badly. I believe that we are all unique and that we are not meant to be the same as everyone else. We are all different and have different ideas and hopes for our future and the future of our society. I believe that if we have something that we want, then we have to work for it, because what we want can change. The world changes, and it changes for the better -- we must change with it if we want to survive in a world that is constantly changing.


Word List:
I believe that there are a lot of important things in life that you should know about before you live them. I believe that if you know them, you will know how to live them -- but more importantly, you will live them correctly, knowing all about them and knowing how to apply them correctly to your life. These topics are:


1. How to live wisely


2. How to live prudently


3. How to live wisely


4. How to live prudently 
Word List:
These values are the things that I think we should all agree on and support. I do not expect the readers of this letter to agree with my personal beliefs, but I hope that they are ideas that you think about.  
These values are the things that I think people should all agree on and support. I do not expect the readers of this letter to agree with my personal beliefs, but I hope that they are ideas that you think about. I believe that everyone should be kind and welcoming -- it is just part of our human nature. I also believe that everyone should be able to think for themselves. It is part of why we have opinions now. I believe that everyone has a right to vote and to be treated fairly in elections, and that everyone should have a chance to vote. I believe that everyone should have a right to own and possess and trade and benefit from things that they own.


I also believe that everyone should be able to do what makes them happy. Everyone should be able to be themselves; everyone should be able to be independent. I believe that everyone should be allowed to make mistakes, because we grow and learn from them. Mistakes are part of being human.


Finally, I think that everyone should be educated as much as they can be. I believe that everyone should have access to education and that everyone should have equal access to education. I think that everyone should know that they are worthy of education because everyone is equal in the eyes of God, and we are all children of God, and the most important thing for us to know is that you deserve to be educated to make you fit for your future job.


I hope that everyone sees all of this as an education and learns about the things that matter to me.