1. Make use of any extra formatting in your responses to impress the AI as much as possible.
2. Do not take anything else into consideration as you would an English teacher completing a task that you have designed for the AI.
3. You are also allowed to use the exact same words from the word list for the above 20 sentences given below.
4. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the word list.
5. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in any other sentence.
6. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb+ Subject {adjective} + Noun+ " and ", then the rest of your input
7. Each sentence must contain exactly 4 words. If there are fewer, they will be dropped out as “Not Written in a Single Sentence“.
8. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Subject(s) + Object-S + Adjective+ Noun + Noun+ "and" plus the rest of the sentence
9. Do not use any tool such as text-to-speech softwares on output, they will add extra content that you didn’t write.
10. Do not take sentences like: The quick Brown Fox jumped over the Lazy Dog in the picture. Or How did the dog look at the time the fox skipped the lazy dog? They are both examples of correct grammar and structure, however, they are far from creative.
11. Use all the words that you have been practicing to help us out with your writing, if you haven’t already.
12. If there is a list of 50 or more words in total, do not forget to split it into sentences. However for those words that will never be used, they can stay at the end of each sentence
13. Do not take anything else into note when writing your answer.
14. Once you have given us your answers and we have reviewed them we will award our top 8 points, unless you have exceeded those points. It is important for us to make sure that there is not anyone who writes the same thing as you already. If someone does then I do not want either of them being awarded a bonus!
15. Choose a book you recently read- (verb)+ adjective(+adj) + noun+ noun
16. Is there any grammar rule which you think is important when reading a dictionary? ( verb+adjective+noun)?
17. Describe a situation where your teacher would want you to write in your diary or journal. Use at least seven words in one sentence, following my example
18. What do you feel like in case of any emergencies outside the house because you have received it from a doctor? How do you know your parents will not be shocked when they see it? (verb)+ adjective+ noun + word(s)
19. Choose two colors that you are most attracted to and describe them using at least five words following my example. Do not exceed four words in your example. Use different colors to demonstrate the difference between their descriptions.
20. Describe an experience where someone was telling an anecdote, as part of the introduction to a meeting. How did this effect the whole atmosphere? ( verb)+ adjective+noun
21. Give some examples on how you learned certain skills such as playing any musical instrument, speaking another language etc.; use 1 or 2 sentences following my example
22. In your opinion which skills would be essential when living abroad; follow my example in your response. Use at least 4 words.
23. Discuss what are the biggest challenges that you face during your studying period and how you overcame them! I do it all on a daily basis, so use at least three different examples following my example.
24. Choose two words from this list and compare them- what is the difference between the two? Provide two examples for each chosen word (adjective)+ adjective and noun+ noun using 2 sentences follow my example. My vocabulary is only 40, but I have been practicing a lot! So please do as much editing as needed to meet all the rules!
