
8. The sentences must be creative! They can tell a story about why you use those 4 words
9. Add a hashtag #wordlist to the tweet and provide 5 examples. For example:
- #wordlist is used in the below image as an exaplanation of why I chose this phrase when discussing social justice in education: "As educators, we strive to create safe and inclusive learning spaces for all students."
10. Keep it short and sweet! Use no more than four words per sentence
9. The word list is below! Thank you for your commitment to using only those words in order to make the writing task easier for all of us!

1. The following sentences will be created by using the given word list: decade
straw line equal infant duty, hostry (the noun), wire relief infant's(the adjective), superior guarantee
(the noun), bias (the adjective), compare(verb), compatible(adjective), cooperative, turn(verb), size(noun), harass(verb), native(Noun), friend(Noun), ten(The number) joy(Adjective), specify(Adposition) 
(self(Noun)), unforeseen(adjective), identify(Verb), original(adjective), philosophy(Noun), graduation(Noun), bathroom(Adjective), anger(Adjective), ground(Adjective), package(noun), progress(verb), sustain(Verb), giant(adjective), celebration(Adjective)
(executive(Noun), restrict(verb), right,(adjecto), useful(adjective)), offset(Adposition), way(The number), bowl, scream(Noun), Thanksgiving(Adjective), former(Adjective), arrow(Noun), lawmaker(Noun), tolerate(Verb), package (noun), improve
(Adposition), country(Noun) democracy(Noun), premise(Adjective), modify(Adpositon), game(Noun), nearer(Verb), tall(Noun), quality(Adjectrice)
(boarder(Adjuctive)))
(country/Noun) and citizen(Noun). 
2. Here's an example tweet using the word list:
3. The following tweet is written only using words from the given word list and adheres to all the rules outlined above.
4. Using the provided word list, write out a 200-word conversation in which characters discuss why they think they should not be allowed to vote as they currently are. Make sure each character uses at least one word from this list! The conversation should start with one character saying why they don't want to be able to vote and the other character responding in a way that makes sense in dialogue.

1. Here’s my response: "I was born during the decade of the eighties, and I grew up experiencing all sorts of technological advancements through the use of modern conveniences such as microwaves, televisions, and computers. However, in recent times, our society has become increasingly divided into political factions based on race, religion, gender identity, or sexual orientation—creating a divide that many believe must be bridged. Despite this ongoing battle between differing opinions, it hasn't affected me much; instead, I’ve always taken a practical approach when making decisions regarding issues like voting rights and government policies.
2. My friends who have lived through most of the twentieth century will never understand why I question whether or not they should be able to vote. After all, my experience with technology has taught me that any law put in place without input from those who can affect its implementation must be carefully evaluated before being implemented. As such, I believe everyone should have the chance to participate in democracy and directly influence how those laws are created and enforced. With this thought in mind, why shouldn’t they take part in shaping our laws instead of letting them be determined solely by their political affiliations?
3. Of course, it is vital that we hold ourselves accountable for enacting laws such as discriminatory voting rights or limiting access to resources simply because certain individuals identify differently than others do. However, at the end of the day, shouldn't every person be allowed equal footing under the law regardless of background or identity? This concept is known as civil equality—a fundamental right that ensures each individual receives equitable treatment and protection under the law without prejudice or discrimination based on race, religion, gender identity or sexuality.
4. For example, let me share with you how my experience grew up in a segregated state where interracial relationships faced fierce resistance and even legal penalties back then. Although I ultimately chose not to marry my high school sweetheart despite feeling so deeply about him, the same policies existed regardless of personal preference nor desire for union. It wasn't right but simply because we were allowed differently than those before us that justified inequality. I firmly believe everyone should have equal access to opportunity and resources under the law regardless of background or identity; otherwise, our democratic ideals would be compromised due solely to prejudice instead of reason.
5. So please consider exercising your voting rights next election day if it is yours. By voting for representatives who prioritize equality for all citizens, together we can create a more just and equal society based upon principle rather than fear. This means ensuring fair representation amongst people across racial lines while also supporting bills such as LGBTQ+ protections legislation or comprehensive healthcare coverage expansion which promote inclusivity amongst diverse populations living in our communities nationwide or within other nations around the world too! 
6. And finally, let us embrace diversity positively instead of resisting it—for when we allow ourselves to celebrate what makes each person unique and special without limiting them based on stereotypes then true progress becomes possible! Without doubt any country's success relies heavily upon fostering inclusiveness amongst all citizens irrespective their origins or identities because only through unity does growth flourish organically within societies across the globe.
7. Thank you for reading and hoping that this conversation encouraged an open mind when discussing important issues surrounding voting rights today while providing insight into why I chose to use "decade," "straw," "line," etc., in my response instead of more common nouns/verbs/adjectives that are usually used when writing about political topics.
8. Remember always to strive for progress based upon reason and evidence rather than fearmongering perpetuated by ignorant ideologies so our understanding evolves continuously towards greater equality amongst humans everywhere!
9. This concludes the first part of our conversation today between two characters discussing why they believe they shouldn't be able to vote if they currently can; however there is still much else I would love to see written in this exchange but alas it has been my limited time here, goodnight everyone until next time!