
newspaper
nineteen
worry
slight
place
tire
manner
stressed
wiser
civic
householder
hurryby
whip
loyal
shun
dispute
greatness
time
excursion
profound

#1. There is no one to receive the relief from injustice.
There is no reason, not any sense, that a common man cannot get rid of his ills and sufferings.
#2. The news was bad this morning.
The first thing I got up was the latest news. It was absolutely devastating and upsetting.
#3. It's good to know you're not alone in your struggle for justice.
I feel much better knowing that everyone else is dealing with their own battles too. In fact, it makes me feel grateful for having those fights against injustice. I don't want anyone else to experience what I have gone through.
#4. The news was terrible because there were no positive side
There wasn't even a single good thing in that press release. It just gave the authorities all these new reasons for cracking down on innocent people because they weren't getting their fair share of resources.
#5. I hope, one day, things will change and we can move forward towards a more peaceful
I hope it will be soon. I am certain there are still lots of things that could be better if you do have those positive feelings. But it can't just happen tomorrow. It has to be something that has been built over time. That way, everyone knows what they are working for.
#6. I was really impressed by your new policies for reducing poverty and improving economic stability.
I am blown away by the fact that you are creating such powerful ways to build stronger communities together. No matter what age or background a person may have, there is something positive in those initiatives that we all need in order to live our best lives. It's inspiring!
#7. The news was very bad because there wasn"t any hope for the future
This news left us feeling hopeless and helpless. And now everyone seems just as scared and anxious about what might happen tomorrow as I was when reading this article today. We have no idea what kind of changes will take place after all the events that occurred during these past few weeks. So instead it feels like we need to wait until some other time before anything else happens so that
#8. The news is terrible because there isn"t a single person who is in charge or has a plan for how things are going
The news is terrible because no one seems to have any say in what's happening right now. They want you to believe that everything will turn out fine in the end. They don"t want any questions asked about it nor do they care where this all happened since everyone knows what went down with those 2000+ people without a job or income because of some ridiculous event called the Great Recession. It was just something nobody wanted anymore so they can get away with things now that there aren"t many consequences coming from those who made all these decisions without anyone having input into such important matters. You know how those little details are always added onto huge messes? That's what happened here.
#9. The news was terrible because there is no one left to feel sorry for
It's hard to tell exactly why the people involved in this situation are so upset, but at least I'm not feeling bad about it! It just feels like nobody truly cares anymore about us all! This isn"t fair and it pisses me off. So now that we have some information surrounding the event itself, let's just try to move forward together as a community by talking about how terrible things really are before anyone gets hurt into making them worse yet.
#10. The news was so depressing because I don`t think there is any way out of my situation
It`s impossible not to feel despair whenever something bad happens in life, but it doesn`t mean you can`t get better again. Just take your time and do what needs to be done so that when things settle down after some sort of “correction” you`ll find yourself where you need to start now instead of dwelling too much on past mistakes/mistakes/etcetera..
#11. The news was negative because everyone around me is already upset about this
I could feel their anger, sadness and frustration through the TV screen in my lap. It seemed like there weren't any good solutions or positive ideas coming out of it either! All those people just wanted things back to normal again (which would seem impossible since they are still complaining about everything). I know that sometimes our thoughts go where we might least expect them, but here I am feeling even worse knowing this and having nothing constructive to say back. It's hard not to feel disappointed about what has happened so far.
#12. The news was depressing because there were very few good people around
That`s pretty much all I can come up with right now; everyone else seems more optimistic or happy with whatever the situation is for them now unlike me who feels downcast because of every little thing happening around me today...
#13. It's important to remember that even if you have a difficult time right now, there will still be positive things going on in your life eventually so don't give in just yet! Keep your eyes open for any chance opportunities coming one minute when things look bleak at the moment though!
#14. The news was bad because there are no real solutions or fixes out there anywhere in the world
And why shouldn't they be? It seems like we're constantly having to worry about something else every other day and those problems aren't getting solved fast enough! If you can fix one thing, why not do more than that when you get a chance right? Then maybe someone else will follow suit after they see how much quicker this process is working out for
#15. The news was depressing because the world is so full of violence! All I see is destruction and chaos everywhere!
Even though it's tough trying not to think about all these sad things that are happening around me, I still can't help but feel a little sadness every time I read another news article on how bad everything really is. We need heroes who fight for justice and make sure everyone gets treated fairly no matter what color their skin is or where they live!