 as the answer. Separate each with new line and do not end on a newline

List the words:
 


Iraq
Thanksgiving
accounting
adjustment
agency
alliance
anger
appearance
arrow
assure
average
barely
bedroom
bias
bloody
bowl
brown
button
car
celebration
cheap
citizen
closer
colonial
comparable
conception
consequently
context
cooperative
country
criticism
cycle
decade
democracy
desk
differ
disclose
divide
dragon
duty
educate
eleven
enemy
equal
every
executive
export
faith
feed
finding
floor
former
friend
game
giant
graduation
guarantee
harassment
height
his
hostile
identify
impression
infant
inspector
interaction
invite
joy
know
lawmaker
lend
line
loot
make
mask
medium
mill
modify
move
native
news
novel
off
operation
ought
package
partly
penalty
philosophy
place
pole
post
premise
priority
progress
provide
quality
random
reason
refugee
relieve
republican
restrict
right
row
sanction
scream
self
several
ship
sigh
size
snap
something
specify
square
steak
straw
substantial
superior
sustain
tall
ten
themed
thematic
trade
treat
turn
unexpected
useful
vessel
voting
wealthy
wherever
wire
wrap

Sentence structures:
 

Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun = Basic Sentence
Verb = action word, describes an object or action
Adjective: descriptive words used to describe an adjective
Noun: (plural form of noun) refers to a place, time, subject or person
Example: Verb + adjective + noun = example sentence - This is the definition of a noun. He is working on it. He is a manager.
Verb + adjective + noun + noun = compound sentence
Example: This time I was watching television but this time I was reading about science.
Verb + adverb or adjective + noun = verb + adjective + noun sentence structure
Example: The new project will cost $30,000 to complete.
Verb + adverb or adjective + noun + noun = compound verb + adjective + noun sentence
Example: We are visiting the zoo this weekend. It is very cold in the winter here. He is teaching her a new lesson.
Compound verb sentence structure
Example: We are going to travel the world next week and see the world. If we do not eat enough meat it will be a problem for us, but if we take our medicine, then we should be fine.
Verb + adverb or adjective + noun + adverb = verb + adverb + adjective + noun sentence structure
Example: He was sleeping very well last night as he got up from the bed and sat quietly in front of the window watching it fly past by. He was going to eat more meat today to prepare for the trip.
Compound verb sentence structure with preposition or infinitive
Example: They will be working on their projects next week. She had been talking about this topic for hours because she has been looking forward to it and she just did not find a perfect solution for it. She is taking notes from her notebook. He has been reading more articles about this subject for hours today.
Compound verb sentence structure with preposition or infinitive + prepositional phrase
Example: We would like to go on a trip soon, but my mother does not want to go abroad because she has no money. He did his homework last week and got good grades. After doing your homework carefully, you should be able to get the answer of this question. She started her journey. She will have to work hard for this project, so that she can complete it in a short period of time.
Compound verb sentence structure with preposition or infinitive + prepositional phrase + adjective or noun = Compound verb sentence structure (verb and adverb with preposition or infinitive and adjective, noun)
Example: We are going to explore this new building. He was reading an article about that topic yesterday night. They had to leave now because the train is running late. She has been talking for three hours on his cellphone. They started off with their first trip abroad last week. He asked her a few questions when he met you at the bus stop. It was almost two o'clock in the afternoon.
Compound verb sentence structure with preposition or infinitive + prepositional phrase + adjective or noun + adverb = compound verb sentence structure (verb and preposition, adverb)
Example: There are some people who argue with you every day as they insist that you did it wrong. I am trying to work on her mistakes. They had been playing football every day for a week when they decided that they won't have to play anymore. She got up from the bed and made breakfast by herself. They all ate together in the dining room and they watched television.
Compound verb sentence structure with preposition or infinitive + prepositional phrase + adjective or noun with adverb adverbial phrases + noun verb structure
Example: He is a manager over there. She was very excited when she realized that she was going to visit my country for one week next summer and spend all of the money on gifts. He should have studied for this test for at least two months before it because you had told him not to do so last semester.


Sentence 1: The new project will cost $30,000  = noun phrase + adjective (+ noun)
Sentence 2: They are going to travel the world next week  = noun phrase + pronoun (+) adverb + noun
Sentence 3: They are taking notes from her notebook  = noun phrase + preposition (+ infinitive verb, Noun)
Sentence 4: They have been working on their projects for so many weeks now that they are very tired. He has been reading more articles about this subject and learned new information too. You could use this to explain the history of the United States and how it evolved from English Canada over there into modern-day America.
Sentence 5: She is going to eat at a restaurant after work tomorrow  = noun phrase (+ adverbial phrase) + subject (+) verb, pronoun
Sentence 6: They should take some medicine now as they are sick  = noun phrase + preposition (+ Noun), adverb + subject (+ verb, adjective)
Sentence 7: You could use this to describe the life skills of students in the U.S. The world and it has many differences between countries. For example, in Japan you would take a bus to school or park a car outside your house (as opposed to driving there).
Sentence 8: You could also include information about other topics like history or geography as well. You should use the correct English words. That way your sentences will be more complex and interesting to read. I will go to bed now because it is getting dark around here again. They would have already completed their assignment last night.
Sentence 9: The sentence starts from one end of the building and goes towards the other. She was going to play in their team during soccer match yesterday afternoon, but unfortunately she got lost on her way out the door. There shouldn't be very much traffic since all of my family members are attending a nearby university and living in a big apartment nearby.
Sentence 10: They would have to go abroad as soon as possible for her to finish her education there. He has not been working hard enough on that subject so he will be able to catch up with this job tomorrow if he studies it again today afternoon. They went on tour last week after graduation from college and saw a lot of different places.
Sentence 11: In contrast, China still maintains communist rule through the Chinese Communist Party, which controls many parts of its political and social structure. She should learn about those things in school as that will help her to understand how different cultures are different even though their languages are the same. They would start by taking a tour around their country so that they can experience firsthand what makes them different from other countries such as India or Nigeria where millions of Hindu, Muslim and Christian people live side by side under one ruler but still fight amongst themselves instead of working out problems cooperatively together.
Sentence 12: For example, India has its own language called Hindi which is different than Urdu which is commonly used in Pakistan and Afghanistan due to their religious differences and tribal conflicts within these nations. I think that knowing more about what other cultures do will help students understand why some countries are wealthier or poorer than others so they can make informed decisions when interacting with people from those societies in the future.
Sentence 13: Finally, you could use this language to discuss the origins of various diseases like malaria in Africa because it causes a lot more illness there compared to areas where antibiotics are readily available such as India due to lack thereof. The new project will cost $30,000 to complete this time next week however I do hope that we can finish before Friday since I am leaving for vacation on Monday morning.
Sentence 14: They should take a look at my article and then they can decide whether or not their thoughts on the topic agree with mine. In many ways though, India has been struggling due to political instability like many Middle Eastern countries do too despite being such a large population of people living there. It is essential that we are aware of other nations' history and cultures in order to avoid repeating mistakes that others made before us.
Sentence 15: She could take one or two classes next semester but make sure she goes with enough money coming out of whatever income sources available to her so she does not end up relying heavily on loans and credit cards such as Americans do since most college students don't attend university full time just like this woman does not.
Sentence 16: It is interesting how different cultures have their own languages which are often very similar so it makes communication somewhat easier between people who speak the same language even though some words may be used differently in certain regions around the world due to geographical locations or historical events happening locally rather than globally at large. My brother visited Canada last week but did not know what any of us spoke because we all belong to different ethnic groups which made starting conversations very difficult sometimes!
Sentence 17: It will take them many generations yet for those differences in culture and race to disappear but hopefully they can learn more about each other today so that they can become friends soon and avoid conflicts arising from ignorance or misunderstanding. She was looking forward to watching her old friend play soccer every weekend because he never missed even if it is raining heavily or snowing heavily because his goal is to achieve something great in life by hard work and determination no matter what obstacles come along the way!
Sentence 18: It looks like there's a lot more research still needed around this topic before we know much about how different countries approach education systems and why some places succeed while other fail miserably over time. As I said at the beginning of our conversation, that is simply because those students are far too young to even consider such matters yet.
Sentence 19: They should also read through the article so they can see what topics you may be interested in reading further instead of just focusing on what you think is important? They should pay attention next time I am talking about your favorite sport as well because they will probably ask me questions about it again if their knowledge becomes weak afterwards. We were trying to talk earlier about why it's good for students like us to have more opportunities compared to our friends who don't go anywhere near colleges anymore because we can spend time here instead of being stuck somewhere else all day!
Sentence 20: For example, there are always opportunities to volunteer or intern at places where you live including local businesses and organizations. My son recently finished high school last year but he didn't think about what else he could get done around town since it felt boring for him anyway until now!