
8. Each sentence must be between 8 and 13 tokens
9. Do not use any whitespace between your sentences 

Example:
- The bird chirps twice.
- The bird is chirping twice. 
- The bird is chirping.
- The bird is chirping twice.
- The bird is chirping twice.


The bird chirps twice.
The bird is chirping twice.
The bird is chirping.
The bird is chirping twice.
The bird is chirping twice.


What is the meaning of this sentence?
I can't find the meaning of this sentence
When a sentence contains a conjunction.
A word or group of words that makes sense as a single sentence. Sentences connect thoughts, actions, etc. Sentences are often used to help create a unified writing style and express an author's message.


A sentence that can be divided into three parts or main clauses.
Part of a sentence that gives more details about a noun.
A sentence that can be divided into three parts or main clauses.
Which words can be used to say where or when? For example, Where, when, why, if, etc.
A sentence that tells a story that happened, or shows a comparison between things. For example, She is the brightest star in the sky.
A phrase, clause, or sentence used to tell the opposite of what the person in the story said. For example, "He's so quiet that I think I can hear a mosquito in his ear". (The sentence above does not make sense as it tells us that someone is talking about something while the person is silent). 
A phrase or clause that is used to show time and to make a statement about the time. For example, today, next week, tomorrow, tonight, etc.
A phrase or clause that introduces something or gives a list.
The words that explain the noun or noun phrase.
A sentence that is used to make an idea clearer by giving more examples. For example, a picture of a house and a photo of a house can both be said to show a room. 
A sentence that is used to say where or when. For example, "He lives in the apartment we bought" (This tells us where he lives).
The way a sentence begins.
A sentence using a preposition to join two or more clauses or sentences. For example, The dog ran home, but the dog got lost, so the dog went and got a lost (sentence with no comma).
Words that you change to nouns when they are part of a sentence.
A group of words that is used to show time and to describe a period of time. For example, this morning, the next day, the same time each day, everyday, etc. It is a noun phrase.
A group of words that are used to compare two things. The word usually goes before the noun phrase. For example, tall, black, and fat, small, black, and big, etc.