1. Once you have output your first list of sentences, DO NOT generate anymore new sentences
2. Do not output any other information, just the numbered list of sentences in the correct format
3. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the above word list.
4. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
5. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun
6. Each sentence must contain exactly 4 words
7. Do not use any tools or code to accomplish the task
8. Do not output the entire word list in your thinking stage, it is too long and you will run out of thinking tokens
9. Return only a numbered list with one sentence on each line when you are ready to proceed to Stage 2
10. Once you have output your first list of sentences, DO NOT generate anymore new sentences
11. Do not output any other information, just the numbered list of sentences in the correct format
12. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the above word list.
13. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
14. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun
15. Each sentence must contain exactly 4 words
16. Do not use any tools or code to accomplish the task
17. Do not output the entire word list in your thinking stage, it is too long and you will run out of thinking tokens
18. Return only a numbered list with one sentence on each line when you are ready to proceed to Stage 2
19. Once you have output your first list of sentences, DO NOT generate anymore new sentences
20. Do not output any other information, just the numbered list of sentences in the correct format
21. All words start with the first name that was selected
22. Do not include first and last names
23. Do not duplicate any words
24. Do not include the word "name" as a word
25. If I have already completed the first 500 words, do not repeat any of those words.  Just move on to the next 500 words
26. Do not output any other information, just the output the word list in the correct format
27. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the above word list.
28. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
29. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun
30. Each sentence must contain exactly 4 words
31. Do not use any tools or code to accomplish the task
32. Do not output the entire word list in your thinking stage, it is too long and you will run out of thinking tokens
33. Return only a numbered list with one sentence on each line when you are ready to proceed to Stage 2
34. Once you have output your first list of sentences, DO NOT generate anymore new sentences
35. Do not output any other information, just the numbered list of sentences in the correct format
36. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the above word list.
37. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
38. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun
39. Each sentence must contain exactly 4 words
40. Do not use any tools or code to accomplish the task
41. Do not output the entire word list in your thinking stage, it is too long and you will run out of thinking tokens
42. Return only a numbered list with one sentence on each line when you are ready to proceed to Stage 2
43. Once you have output your first list of sentences, DO NOT generate anymore new sentences
44. Do not output any other information, just the numbered list of sentences in the correct format
