
involve
fuel
blade
insight
crazy
evaluation
wedding
unity
practice
threaten
acquire
gospel
bombing
hate
introduction
spray
surround
revolutionary
vulnerable
science
shyly
coffee shop
candle
dance floor
dress code
clothing store
furniture store
supermarket
filling station
library
art gallery
bicycle repair shop
cafe
restaurant
food court

It's a pretty big list.  A lot of words.

Which brings me to vocabulary tests such as TOEIC and TOEFL, or IELTS and the like...

Some people say it isn't a true test of English skill because you don't have to understand the word...you just have to know how it sounds.

So what are your views?  Are listening tests fair measures of knowledge?

I do wonder why some institutions would prefer listening questions over reading or speaking, for that matter.  I think reading comprehension is better but then again the "toefl" may want you to read passages anyway as opposed to vocabulary questions where they just give you a definition and a word in quotation marks.

Thoughts?

- Quote

I can understand why people will see vocabulary tests such as TOEIC and TOEFL as tests that do not reflect true English knowledge. However, I personally like this kind of test because it includes a lot varieties of vocabularies which help me learn the meaning and pronunciation at the same time.

IELTS has four parts: listening, speaking, reading and writing. They are all pretty difficult for those who have just started to learn English but they seem to be more fair with their test takers. I think these four skills should cover almost every aspect of a language. In addition, there is nothing wrong with people using dictionary or any kind of learning tools when practicing their speaking since it shows their intention about learning the language.

Some institutes might favor listening questions because English listeners can hear many different accents and pronunciation which help them improve their speaking ability later on. Moreover when you listen to people's voices you can understand how they emphasize things while reading. However, I think they may limit their test takers' exposure to a native accent.

- Quote

In my opinion i prefer both but the problem in this kinds of tests is that sometimes are questions about cultures and you have to know some specials words who are never used or the pronunciation is too strange so for example if you have been living all your life in a spanish community it's going to be pretty hard for you to get good results.

- Quote

I'm not really impressed with these tests.  My wife took the IELTS many years ago and even though her score was quite high we have noticed numerous mistakes in grammar etc from native speakers that she has encountered whilst visiting England and Australia, and conversely when non-native English speaking students came to us after completing a TOEIC or similar test they could barely string together a simple sentence.  Maybe there could be other factors involved, but I feel these tests are incomplete and therefore not truly representative of English knowledge.

- Quote

These types of vocabulary tests will always have their detractors because people like me will say that knowing the definition is far different from incorporating it into your sentences meaningfully. Also, a student might know the specific word you test him on but when confronted with his own writing/voice-recording challenge won't bother to use the word at all or even spell/mispronounce it. So there's always this gap between "passively" knowing a large amount of vocabulary and making active use of those words.

- Quote

I have never taken any specific English tests like ielts, toefic etc. But yes one thing is for sure that learning only the written definition of the word does not really help in understanding it completely. One should be able understand how to pronounce and spell it correctly too apart from using it in day to day conversation or writing.

These kind of questions may also lead to someone learning the test questions by heart (which usually happens with maths).

I do think that tests like ielts, toefic etc do not really measure a person's capability about English.

- Quote

There are many students from various countries who want to study abroad and to get permission they need an english proficieny test. I am one of them so as a student of engineering in India  I have studied physics for last four years, had to give many competitive exams which required very high knowledge of physics along with mathematics and chemistry but to give an exam that checks your proficiency level of English is really not fair because there's no end to it.

- Quote

I think those tests have some good points in them, if they are not taken too far or too seriously.  The TOEIC, for instance covers so many different areas such as business and medicine that the student is exposed to a wide array of vocabulary and situations, which might not happen with other testing methods.

- Quote

In my opinion such tests are good tools in order to measure the level of English but it doesn't reflect the true level. There are lot of factors that must be examined in terms of measuring our level of english. Such test can give you a certain score but if they only examine your vocabulary and listnening skills, there is another part which has to do with speaking ,writing and grammar.

- Quote

The problem with these kinds of tests such as the TOEFL or the IELTS is often that students learn words off by heart without really understanding. And then in real life situations when actually using English they struggle to use it even though they pass a test like one of these. So whilst they have their place and are useful for entry into educational institutions etc, they can be quite misleading if you rely on them.

- Quote

I believe that this kind of specific tests are the most widely accepted all over the globe since many universities require you to provide proof that you have a good enough command of English Language to study in English.

However some institutions or employers look for other forms too; they want to see that you can actually use the words in your daily situations, not just when sitting an exam. I guess it all depends where students are applying. As long as one of these tests is required a student will try their best at it.

- Quote

One thing that needs to be remembered here by test givers is people from cultures which are really different from American/Anglo-Saxon or European culture won't be able to score more than mediocre marks ,even though they have good command over English .It happens with many non-native speakers,as you're not exposed to the environment of that particular language so you don't get to learn slang,idioms,abbreviations etc.

In India we had many students of medicine and engineering doing well in exams for entering prestigious foreign universities but they are unable to crack a verbal interview because they aren't familiar with common terms and way of answering a question like what is meant by "how does your resume match our job requirement".These things take years to learn which you can only do when exposed day in and day out.

But, I agree we need some tests for the people who don't live in English speaking countries if they have to study abroad as it allows admission authorities an insight into the level of English you understand .Without this there may be a flood of students coming in with zero-English knowledge. For such cases having a test and making it compulsory is alright.

- Quote

If you have a look at Cambridge Assessment Exams (such as FCE, CAE or CPE), for example, they check all the 4 language skills: speaking, listening, writing and reading. In my opinon, if someone has those abilities tested, then a more complete picture of one's English skills can be established... The only problem with these types of tests is that you need to work very hard for them...

- Quote

I think these things are good to measure the ability to speak english language but it should not considered a way of accepting someone abroad.I believe we must take into account all kinds of people who has different accent .There people living in India have command over speaking English than one who lives in America ,this is one reason.It's impossible to pass toefl if you haven't study English before in your school,even that means you know better English

- Quote