
glimpse
over
motive
happen
receptionist
concur
surprising
stiff
bamboo
unemployment
lender
stumble
candid
shudder
scream
sarcasm
flee
tumble
blitz
shrug
climax
poker
dismantle
lunge
dribble
stumble
shatter

* * *



    I would like to thank my agent Jill Marsal for her tireless efforts with the book. My appreciation, too, goes to Peter Guzzardi, my editor, for his wisdom, guidance, and hard work on The Sixth Extinction, which has made the book so much better than it would otherwise have been, as well as to Ben LeRoy, who first suggested to me that I try to track down the fate of the animals in the story. Finally, I’d like to express my sincere thanks to my friends and family for their love and support, with a special nod to my husband, who also read, and critiqued, the book at various points on its journey from inception to completion and who also contributed a quote for the prologue.

 



  



Praise for The Sixth Extinction: International Bestsellers By James Rollins



“An epic page-turner”

—San Francisco Chronicle



“[A] gripping thriller”

—Entertainment Weekly



“A page-turning adventure”

—Chicago Sun-Times



“Rollins is at the top of his game. He never ceases to surprise the reader”

—Booklist, starred review



“Fast-paced storytelling and plenty of action”

—Library Journal



“Rollins excels in his ability to balance a well-researched background with a strong story line driven by dynamic characters”

—The Washington Times



“James Rollins is one of the best page-turners in the business”

—Tess Gerritsen, New York Times bestselling author



“Rollins remains one of the most skilled writers of action-adventure”

—The Denver Post



“Rollins delivers high-octane mayhem”

—Kirkus Reviews



“Rollins will hold you enthralled from page one to the last word”

—USA Today



Copyright © 2014 by James Paul Czajkowski



All rights reserved.

Published in the United States by William Morrow, an imprint of HarperCollinsPublishers.



Morrow Paperbacks and colophon are trademarks of HarperCollins Publishers.



FIRST PAPERBACK EDITION



Cover art by David Plunkert/Plunkert Studios

Cover design by Michael Nagin



LIBRARY OF CONGRESS CATALOGING-IN-PUBLICATION DATA



Rollins, James, 1961–

The sixth extinction: an extinctthriller / James Rollins.

pages cm

ISBN 978-0-06-230073-9

1. Extinction (Biology)—Fiction. 2. Lost ark (The ship)—Fiction.

I. Title.

PS3618.O4245S59 2014

813’.6—dc23

2014002411