
manicurist
recession
labor
machinery
slippery
machine
subsidized
consequence
coherent
perfunctory
revenge
workplace
diesel
nuisance
dispersal
bounty
recommender
tribe
tax
trench
mural
censorship
public
tactile
wrought
militant

```

# What Is A .NET Application?
Application programming is all set to come up with a great idea at any angle of time and that’s where many developers can see them. These are programs that run for the most part as a single unit without any dependencies upon any other program or object.
There are a number of programs and apps out there in this world which support applications. These app development services could be used to build, design, construct, modify it through one more way. A lot of people get confused about exactly what is .NET. So if you need some help with some basic concepts of programming then here we are for you.
.NET Application definition: .NET is a set of application programming interfaces and it also serves as the software framework, language runtime environment for developers who want to develop . NET-based applications using C# or Visual Basic. The main idea behind creating a new .NET Framework is making them more easily develop by allowing many programmers to create their own apps which can be used by almost anybody anywhere. The other reason why this project was created was because it also meant that all the different programs could talk with each other without any problems.
This means that you don’t have to use every single program if you can just choose one from those listed. These include any language which they work on such as WCF, ASP.NET and so on.
. NET Framework is an important step of the evolution process for several reasons. This makes it easier for developers who want to develop anything by just creating a simple form or page and then make use it by running it over to a server to test out its effectiveness. It also gives you more control over what type of program users can use; meaning that if they like your application they are able to download it from the web pages of whichever site you may be using to post your information."