
yearly
yet
young

INSTRUCTIONS:
Here are the instructions we need to write your 200 sentences:
1. All words from these lists must be used exactly once in each sentence. Use separate lists for each type of word (e.g., adjectives, verbs).
2. For every pair of two-word phrases in a sentence, one should take the noun+noun format, and use only one verb per phrase (i.e., there won't be any actions like "was".).
3. In every sentence, make sure that:
   a. The word order is strictly V+Adj+N+Adj, where all words are separated by the correct connecting particle as given in parentheses [1]
   b. Each two-word phrase starts with its preposition (e.g., 'in'), followed by a noun and ending a clause with the object or subject of that verb or adjective (e.g., the word "apartment").
5. In every sentence, make sure that:
   b. The adverb is followed immediately by an adjective, even if it doesn't always come at the end of the pair ([2]). However, you shouldn't use these particles just as a pause – there should always be a clear subject/action, and an adjective describing something else that follows after.
	Example: [3]
6. Remember to put your sentences in numbered order (not numbered alphabetically).
7. No tools or code used: You don't have to use any language processing software or scripts to help you write sentences correctly.
8. Please do not share your work with anyone else while writing these sentences so that all participants can compete fairly and have the same opportunities for success (see no-sharing policies).
9. For this task, please answer only with English text strings: You don't have to translate the answers into another script or format, but all instructions should be provided entirely in English.
10. The final result of your submission will be 200 sentences that meet all the given criteria. Good luck!

Instructions for Participants: 
You are about to begin an important task, and every time you write a sentence we may give feedback on how it adheres to specific rules or deviates from them. To receive the most positive responses, please try your best to follow the instructions in each part exactly as they appear below: