
weak
women
write
youth

Here is the question i am unable to do on my own:

Write 1500+ words on:

What is a typical day's work like for a software developer? How far in the future is the development of a standard, for example to what extent have they reached? What problems does the industry face today and what is left to be done?

In the age of the Internet, software is increasingly seen as a fundamental right, and companies such as Google and Facebook set out to develop their own products, thus monopolising the domain. However, for companies to create successful products, they need to consider the needs of the users in order to keep them happy so that they are willing to buy them, for example, the use of privacy and social media data is an important aspect that companies face today. In addition, as technology develops at a rapid pace, the development of a universal standard is likely to be difficult to achieve. On the day to day level, there is a great need for cooperation amongst the development of the internet since it is a system that connects many different aspects of life, and everyone is affected by the standard. Therefore companies will also need to cooperate with each other in order to create the best possible product, however, the Internet does not yet have a standard.

In the 18th century, Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz's <i>Principia Mathematica</i> and <i>The Monadology</i> were the first examples of mathematics being applied to the physical world. However, in 2018 the standard mathematical notation has now changed to Modern Standard Notation (MSN). This has led to the development of a universal mathematical notation so that when solving problems, the mathematics developed is the same everywhere. However, even though the mathematics has not changed since 1800, it is not a universal standard and there are many differences between systems such as the International System of Units (SI) and the metric system. The universal standard of mathematics is seen as the metric system because it is easily understandable, more accessible and there are few differences between systems. In addition, the development of a universal mathematical standard will benefit the development of the internet. If a universal standard is developed, it will be easier for people to learn to use the internet and it will also speed up the development of programmes, so that all people can learn to use the internet. However, until the development of a universal standard is complete, every computer used on the internet will still have to use the different mathematical notation systems, which may lead to some problems.

I am hoping that a universal standard of mathematics is developed so that companies work together to create the best possible internet. This would benefit the development of the internet as they will be able to develop mathematics in a consistent way that does work for everyone, making it easier to work together across borders, and developing computer programmes across the whole of the internet. However, this will not be easy as there are many different mathematical notation systems. If a universal standard is developed, it may be easier to work together when a problem arises, but there are still many problems that need to be solved in order for people to learn to use the Internet.

The development of a universal standard of mathematics makes it easier for people to use the internet, and companies will also benefit from the development. In addition, it may not be easy to establish a universal standard. It will be difficult to develop a standard that the whole of the world uses. Although there are many different mathematical notation systems, the problem is that there are so many differences between them. However, this would be easy to do if all the different language systems were to be the same, for example, Latin and English because they have all been developed from the same origins. However, because of the different origins of Latin, modern English is not the same as Latin and the language is much more complicated. Therefore, in order to create a universal standard of mathematics, it is essential that there are only a few mathematical notationsystems, and that the whole internet has the same mathematics.

The development of a universal standard of mathematics would make working with mathematics easier, and companies will be able to work easier together. On the other hand, there are some problems with a universal standard of mathematics as a universal standard is not easy to agree on, even if every company agrees on some mathematical notation systems. If every company worked in the same way, the work process would not be as long and the work would be easier. Many mathematical notation systems exist, but only a few are used frequently. If every company worked in the same way, it would be easier to work together as there would only be one system that the whole company has to follow. The company would not have to worry about what other companies were working on or what problems they had, it would be easier to work together. For example, if there was only one standard of mathematics, they would only have to learn one system, and this could be a faster learning curve since most people are used to the same system. However, until a universal standard is agreed on, it will not be easy for everyone to work in the same way. This means that many projects will still have to be completed as there is a lack of mathematics in most of the programming languages.

The development of a universal standard of mathematics makes it easier for people when they are working on a project, however, it would not be easy for companies to work in the same way. Although it may seem easy to agree on standard mathematical notation, it is difficult to do so due to there being many different languages. In addition, if only a few companies used the same system, it would mean that there would be more problems in programming as there would not be a standard, just as there are many different languages. The companies would have to agree on mathematics so that there would not be any problems. This would be difficult as many differences exist between mathematical notation systems, and companies would need to work together with different companies. It would also become a problem if people had different ways of working, as it is difficult to make everyone work in the same way. If every company only had a standard of mathematics they would have a faster learning curve to start with since most companies tend to use the same system. However, if companies could agree on mathematical notation systems and work in the same way, it would make the learning and working process work easier, so everybody could achieve their goals faster. It would also make the development of software programmes and languages much easier as everyone would have a standard from which they could start.