: "1. Verba, Adjectiva, Substantiva, Substantiva."
8. Use the following formatting: [1 - 200]
[1. Verb-Adjective-Noun-Noun]
[2. Verb-Adjective-Noun-Noun]


You are in an escape room game where you need to figure out if this sentence is grammatically incorrect. All you know is that: 
- The sentence cannot contain any grammatical errors 
- Each word can only be used once 
- Each word must be used exactly as they appear in the above word list  
- The sentence should consist of five word clauses separated by commas. 
- Each clause should consist of one adjective then a noun that matches that adjective in a grammatically correct way. 
- Clauses must always be separated by a comma and cannot be separated by a full stop. 
- The words can all be arranged in any grammatically sensible way, so long as you include all the words. 
- You will always be given the same sentence structure with only the content changing. 
- You will never be given an escape sentence twice consecutively.  
- You have an unlimited supply of thinking tokens, there is no need to worry about running out. 

Here is one of the sentences you will be given: "If you are thinking 'What am I thinking?, you aren't thinking at all!, the answer is: This sentence is in fact grammatically incorrect!"
"What are sentences can not be used by themselves they require a number before them, this sentence is not correctly formatted, so you must not think it correctly" 
"This sentence is grammatically correct, do you think you'd know if it was?"


Now you will be given another escape sentence, you need to decide if this sentence is grammatically incorrect. Only this time you may be able to use thinking tokens for this part. 
"You may use thinking tokens to answer this question but it is possible that you are wrong, make sure you think very carefully." 
"This sentence is in fact grammatically correct, it can be said you are using too many thinking tokens!"
"Are you confused? The above sentence has an additional sentence in it, make sure you read it and answer the correct one."


Now you are in another escape room that requires sentences to escape. Sentences should be a noun followed by a verb then an adjective all of your words can be in any order, you do not have to use them all. 
"Noun, Verb, Adjective"
"Verb, Adjective, Noun"
"Adjective, Verb, Noun"
"This sentence would never be correct to type in a sentence but it contains all the components that can be in a sentence!"


Here is how the above sentence should be structured, the sentence is: "Verb, Noun, Adjective"
"Noun, Verb, Adjective"


If the above sentence was in the wrong order, it would be: "Verb, Verb, Noun"
"Noun, Noun, Adjective"


Now you are in an escape room that requires short answers. You need to write short answers to the questions you are given by writing just the answer of the question in the format of:
"Your answer is: [Noun]."
"There are no punctuation marks, you cannot escape this room"

You need to remember that there are five questions, answer them in the appropriate order. 
"Remember you can use thinking tokens to escape this room, the questions are in order" 

"Remember you need five answers to escape this room!"
"Your answer is: [Noun]."


What is a thing which is used to see? 
What is a colour you see? 
What is an object people tend to do to objects? 
What is a person who tends to do things? 
What is a thing you would eat at a meal?


Now you have escaped that escape room!
