1. Every sentence must begin with an independent thought without using "I think", but you CAN use any other prepositions or conjunctions
2. If a word is used twice with different modifiers, then 2 separate sentences should be generated instead of just adding more words to the same sentence
3. A person wants an object that will hold all three friends; they would get the object for them in a shop in their home state.
4. They also wanted two shoes which I found in a shop near me.
5. They took those shoes and some money because the shoes cost around $20 USD each.
6. The people who work at the shop helped them put together those shoes.
7. They bought some things in their home state.
8. They wanted to take care of a person for as long as it takes, so that they can always look after another group of animals while taking out the trash.
9. They will only get the object for them because that is what they really want.
10. The shop where people buy their shoes has a large space and the people working there sell different types of shoes all day long.
11. Some stores around them had a big parking lot near them, but the store where you find the shoes doesn't have any so they need an extra car to get it quickly to you.
12. Because the person with their family is so busy and has so many things for everyone including their personal needs, the only way to take care of their kids during work-hours is when there aren’t any people in public at all hours because you need to be aware that someone else might come to drop them off after they drop someone off on their own at home.
13. They also need to take care of this person’s animals if there aren't any staff members available working around the house so that the animal wouldn't get bored while waiting for their needs to be taken care of when no one else is available.
14. If there were many homeless people living nearby, then maybe they would want some help or go somewhere where it isn’t crowded because it would give them more relief than what having too many relatives would mean during holidays.
15. They asked friends to tell them about this person’s name as well so that if someone came by who didn't know these people yet, then they would be able to look him up online or get information through whoever already knew this person.
16. The second shoe came with straps on top so that you can tie it around your arm and fit into smaller spaces while shopping more easily!
17. They wanted to make sure that the person they were talking to was comfortable after they got lost in a large crowd of strangers, which could happen more easily when you try not only to avoid those areas but also any other places filled up with people like grocery stores or malls where many people might be eating lunch or buying snacks at the same time together so this might increase your chance of getting caught.
18. The person living near these shops probably knew a family with two adults and at least four children around the house so they could help when needed more easily whenever someone came looking for this mysterious box full of treats and snacks which only exists within reach once certain types of items like food are given away as rewards for helping people look up things online and following leads from local residents living nearby who might have already found that special box previously.
19. My friend wants me to take care of our friend’s little house which is now empty until later when we are able to buy it in the next few days; since he lives in another state because his cousin moved into him during summer break, then all that needs done before tomorrow morning is fixing up some stuff inside there like putting beds and sofas where they belong and changing out all the light bulbs so as not anymore have any problem turning lights off or on when needed; but first, we need to find someone else who owns a similar size house available nearby that can help us with these tasks since buying one yourself from another state would cost much money over there compared to this current situation right now!
20. My friend wants me to take care of her pet dog which she bought a few days ago; then later when we are ready to get him registered with her vet, then only we can bring him here so he won’t have any trouble getting sick again since his previous rabies shot didn’t expire after all this time due to improper handling of vaccines before bringing them from far away places where they lost track somewhere between them having gotten stuck in too many years ago while caring for this animal since it came already very late when people were rushing around trying make quick decisions without really thinking too much about what might happen if something goes wrong!
21. My friend wants me to help with her pet turtle which she bought at another state; then when we are able to bring him home and give it the proper care needed so that he won’t get sick again until later this month or early next spring as much time has passed because he never had any chance of being vaccinated before due to improper handling practices where most health issues occur during these times when humans aren't careful enough paying attention to details which could save us both from future problems caused by something such as disease spreading faster than ever imagined within months?
22. My friend wants me help her bring in one of the bigger plants she bought at another state after moving here so that it will soon adapt itself well enough around us already living somewhere cold compared to now where temperatures fluctuate more between days and nights leaving things dormant when there isn’t any human interaction taking place yet which often leads to death due to lack of growth caused by freezing weather conditions coming our way eventually!
23. My friend wants me to help her build a wall in their backyard fence so that it can be used for storing plants needed for gardening purposes whenever necessary since she doesn’t have enough space available near houses so instead we need somewhere large enough where people don't feel comfortable standing or walking through even when they know someone around who might trespass into his yard too often while he enjoys hanging out with friends having nothing done outside anymore because of lack of time resources and money spent on buying groceries each day that needs to be delivered right now!
24. My friend wants help moving a car so she knows where it went after leaving work early again when office hours were finished around midnight – otherwise someone else might have taken ownership of it which doesn’t want being damaged or destroyed and instead getting thrown away because no one takes responsibility for their things properly until they become too useless already!
25. My friend wants me to drive her car to the airport tomorrow morning since she has some errands that don't need doing while waiting for others who might have made mistakes driving long distances themselves without realizing how dangerous it can be when cars suddenly get stuck because traffic congestion makes them slow down or stop completely if not able to react accordingly fast enough?
26. My friend wants me help set up a new table in the hotel lobby area where guests will stay before meeting anyone else; then whenever they are asked something private about themselves while sitting there alone on their own without anyone else listening in so no one feels left out feeling unimportant because nobody takes interest towards important matters like what kind of things they do best at work or even just hanging around with friends outside?
27. My friend wants help fixing her roof repair issue which was found after she spent all day doing other tasks before realizing that something needed attention immediately due to lack of time resources where people don’t want anything from others since nobody has any power whatsoever right now except the owner himself while leaving them alone to fend for themselves anyway!
28. My friend wants help setting up new furniture in the living room area as soon as possible even during weekend nights because every year it seems like there are always more changes and rearrangements happening around her so that nothing looks completely stable anymore even if everything might look normal during regular weekdays but sometimes things can change anytime outside those times too!
29. My friend wants help cleaning up a mess which broke out during dinner party when everyone had eaten at once so now all the dishes left on tables were getting ruined due to spilled liquids causing sticky residue ruining food that could have been kept longer if enough time was taken care before letting go of things completely forever like this way going through each thing one by one will never work right in practice no matter after cleaning up what remains still needs doing better next time!
30. My friend wants help moving heavy stuff around such as furniture pieces when their owner isn’t looking nearby so they couldn't do themselves because of lack of space available where people don’t want anything else done until it gets lost completely if nobody sees it coming anyway because nothing could escape them entirely right away!
