
8. Every sentence must begin with an independent thought without using "I think", but you CAN use any other prepositions or conjunctions
9. If a word is used twice with different modifiers, then 2 separate sentences should be generated instead of just adding more words to the same sentence

1. A person wants an object that will hold all three friends; they would get the object for them in a shop in their home state.
2. They also wanted two shoes which I found in a shop near me.
3. They took those shoes and some money because the shoes cost around $20 USD each.
4. The people who work at the shop helped them put together those shoes.
5. They bought some things in their home state. 
6. They wanted to take care of a person for as long as it takes, so that they can always look after another group of animals while taking out the trash.
7. They will only get the object for them because that is what they really want.
8. The shop where people buy their shoes has a large space and the people working there sell different types of shoes all day long.
9. Some stores around them had a big parking lot near them, but the store where you find the shoes doesn't have any so they need an extra car to get it quickly to you. 
10. Because the person with their family is so busy and has so many things for everyone including their personal needs, the only way to take care of their kids during work-hours is when there aren’t any people in public at all hours because you need to be aware that someone else might come to drop them off after they drop someone off on their own at home.
11. They also need to take care of this person’s animals if there aren't any staff members available working around the house so that the animal wouldn't get bored while waiting for their needs to be taken care of when no one else is available.
12. If there were many homeless people living nearby, then maybe they would want some help or go somewhere where it isn’t crowded because it would give them more relief than what having too many relatives would mean during holidays.
13. They asked friends to tell them about this person’s name as well so that if someone came by who didn't know these people yet, then they would be able to look him up online or get information through whoever already knew this person. 

Please generate as many sentences as possible by using appropriate grammar and keeping the rules in mind.

The person wanted an object that would hold all three friends; they could get it for them in a shop near their home state, because they don't have a large space to fill with things in public places like stores do. 
They also wanted two shoes which were found in a shop near the person living nearby:
1. The second shoe came with straps on top so that you can tie it around your arm and fit into smaller spaces while shopping more easily!
The store where some people bought their shoes had large parking lots around them but the owner did not have any staff members working during work hours so they took their cars to drive down there quickly without waiting for someone else there.
The shop where everyone bought shoes didn't have a big space on the floor like stores do, though they still offered many different types of shoes.
If some people who lived in that area had lots of siblings or nieces/nephews and cousins visiting often, then maybe these people would want help taking care of their pets when there were no other adults around to help out. 
14. They wanted to make sure that the person they were talking to was comfortable after they got lost in a large crowd of strangers, which could happen more easily when you try not only to avoid those areas but also any other places filled up with people like grocery stores or malls where many people might be eating lunch or buying snacks at the same time together so this might increase your chance of getting caught.
They asked people around them to send them information online about what this person's name was as well since they were worried if someone else could come along and take them into another place like a restaurant where they couldn't see anyone else or even get lost easily because there would be many more people outside your window while going inside; this could possibly make getting lost easier or more likely than usual when walking back again later from wherever you go out each day for a change. 
The person living near these shops probably knew someone who had already asked them about the item they wanted to buy so that no one else was searching for it but instead could help find another place closer by if needed; but then again, maybe other people were being asked too which means fewer options available at stores when buying things like this particular object.
They also gave away money as part of their reward plan for helping others look up items they want and helped track down leads from local residents living nearby who might have already found the desired product before either of them even got here or went missing without leaving behind any clue that could explain why neither knew about where exactly this special item lives anymore?
Finally, after searching online every single day while shopping in places near home then elsewhere around town with friends around who were interested in knowing how to find this mysterious box full of treats and snacks which only exists within reach when someone wants something specific yet doesn't know what they might need it for but also not knowing anything else about them other than what your brain already knows; it makes sense why nobody ever wanted it before because now all these things will change drastically due to one simple purchase!
15. The person living near these shops probably knew a family with two adults and at least four children around the house so they could help when needed more easily whenever someone came looking for this mysterious box full of treats and snacks which only exists within reach once certain types of items like food are given away as rewards for helping people look up things online and following leads from local residents living nearby who might have already found that special box previously.
But then again, maybe others were also being asked too so there would more chances of finding it since plenty of families live around here all day long! 
There was no clear information out about where exactly this object lives because of its large nature, but sometimes stores don't offer such extensive sizes which might make sense when seeing a person carrying many toys and clothes in front of them before reaching out for something specific like food items or clothes.
After all these details, the person living near the shops wanted to give thanks towards their friends and family members who helped them find answers regarding this mysterious box full of treats and snacks; after getting everything they needed, maybe they could also continue helping others look up things online and follow leads from local residents living nearby whom might already know about what kind of item this object was located there.
The final sentence should mention that even though it's still unclear where exactly this object ends up, as long as people keep asking politely and thanking them for their help and kindness, eventually they will reach a solution together while sharing knowledge around how to find similar items available nearby like what has been mentioned earlier!
16. My friend wants me to take care of our friend’s little house which is now empty until later when we are able to buy it in the next few days; since he lives in another state because his cousin moved into him during summer break, then all that needs done before tomorrow morning is fixing up some stuff inside there like putting beds and sofas where they belong and changing out all the light bulbs so as not anymore have any problem turning lights off or on when needed; but first, we need to find someone else who owns a similar size house available nearby that can help us with these tasks since buying one yourself from another state would cost much money over there compared to this current situation right now!
17. My friend wants me to take care of her pet dog which she bought a few days ago; then later when we are ready to get him registered with her vet, then only we can bring him here so he won’t have any trouble getting sick again since his previous rabies shot didn’t expire after all this time due to improper handling of vaccines before bringing them from far away places where they lost track somewhere between them having gotten stuck in too many years ago while caring for this animal since it came already very late when people were rushing around trying make quick decisions without really thinking too much about what might happen if something goes wrong!
18. My friend wants me to help with her pet turtle which she bought at another state; then when we are able to bring him home and give it the proper care needed so that he won’t get sick again until later this month or early next spring as much time has passed because he never had any chance of being vaccinated before due to improper handling practices where most health issues occur during these times when humans aren't careful enough paying attention to details which could save us both from future problems caused by something such as disease spreading faster than ever imagined within months?
19. My friend wants me help her bring in one of the bigger plants she bought at another state after moving here so that it will soon adapt itself well enough around us already living somewhere cold compared to now where temperatures fluctuate more between days and nights leaving things dormant when there isn’t any human interaction taking place yet which often leads to death due to lack of growth caused by freezing weather conditions coming our way eventually!
20. My friend wants me to help her build a wall in their backyard fence so that it can be used for storing plants needed for gardening purposes whenever necessary since she doesn’t have enough space available near houses so instead we need somewhere large enough where people don't feel comfortable standing or walking through even when they know someone around who might trespass into his yard too often while he enjoys hanging out with friends having nothing done outside anymore because of lack of time resources and money spent on buying groceries each day that needs to be delivered right now!
21. My friend wants help moving a car so she knows where it went after leaving work early again when office hours were finished around midnight – otherwise someone else might have taken ownership of it which doesn’t want being damaged or destroyed and instead getting thrown away because no one takes responsibility for their things properly until they become too useless already!
22. My friend wants me to drive her car to the airport tomorrow morning since she has some errands that don't need doing while waiting for others who might have made mistakes driving long distances themselves without realizing how dangerous it can be when cars suddenly get stuck because traffic congestion makes them slow down or stop completely if not able to react accordingly fast enough?
23. My friend wants me help set up a new table in the hotel lobby area where guests will stay before meeting anyone else; then whenever they are asked something private about themselves while sitting there alone on their own without anyone else listening in so no one feels left out feeling unimportant because nobody takes interest towards important matters like what kind of things they do best at work or even just hanging around with friends outside?
24. My friend wants help fixing her roof repair issue which was found after she spent all day doing other tasks before realizing that something needed attention immediately due to lack of time resources where people don’t want anything from others since nobody has any power whatsoever right now except the owner himself while leaving them alone to fend for themselves anyway!
25. My friend wants help setting up new furniture in the living room area as soon as possible even during weekend nights because every year it seems like there are always more changes and rearrangements happening around her so that nothing looks completely stable anymore even if everything might look normal during regular weekdays but sometimes things can change anytime outside those times too!
26. My friend wants help cleaning up a mess which broke out during dinner party when everyone had eaten at once so now all the dishes left on tables were getting ruined due to spilled liquids causing sticky residue ruining food that could have been kept longer if enough time was taken care before letting go of things completely forever like this way going through each thing one by one will never work right in practice no matter after cleaning up what remains still needs doing better next time!
27. My friend wants help moving heavy stuff around such as furniture pieces when their owner isn’t looking nearby so they couldn't do themselves because of lack of space available where people don’t want anything else done until it gets lost completely if nobody sees it coming anyway because nothing could escape them entirely right away!
Conclusion: Here is the final response to the prompt "Write a list on the given topic using correct grammar and spelling to convey the main points."

As the days go by, we find ourselves struggling to keep up with all of Sarah's responsibilities as the lead editor. She is juggling her work schedule, taking care of our family, hosting small parties for friends or relatives who live nearby in the neighboring town, managing other people's jobs, meeting deadlines, keeping an eye on budget spending in general so she can be more efficient; while attending events related to bookselling and publishing within our close community. To make things only harder, there are lots of people we don’t know yet but she will introduce us one by one whenever it comes their turn to ask for help or advice about different aspects related to running a small business or running anything else involving multiple people's support at once which requires careful attention and focus especially since I sometimes feel overwhelmed myself when juggling these tasks so that's why I try hard every day keeping track of everything happening around me constantly no matter the situation whether good or challenging! 
So here comes my complete list on what has been accomplished today according to our daily planner using the correct grammar and spelling rules including commas when required between items in sequence along with appropriate capitalizations depending upon proper titles used within sentences as well!

In conclusion, we have managed to accomplish many different tasks throughout yesterday's day despite being tired due to an extended period of work without any opportunity for rest beforehand - so let me express my deepest thanks for having taken on such great responsibility today and ensuring its success through hard work and dedication towards making things run smoothly efficiently and effectively for everyone we serve individually one by one from small businesses operating here in town or individuals seeking support services whenever needed especially when others aren't around at particular times of day like Saturday evening hours where there would inevitably come a need for having someone available then [insert blank space].

It's clear that despite facing numerous challenges throughout such prolonged periods without enough time resources allotted per task involved here in everyday life situations so therefore we must always strive to maintain our best energy levels possible especially since we may face multiple people helping us out depending on what they ask for assistance upon request - which means if some need immediate attention then there have to be people ready immediately available at hand whenever called away from work duties or errands due to emergencies involving health issues etc without losing sight towards whatever else needs accomplishing today before getting overwhelmed further down the line otherwise nobody gets served adequately any way!
In conclusion, we must all continue striving relentlessly toward making things function smoothly efficiently and effectively so that everyone receives optimal service provided by us along with minimal stress placed on ourselves personally regarding maintaining high levels of performance consistently especially considering how important this endeavor has become since having Sarah handle such responsibilities would mean greater chances for reaching success ultimately achieved thanks to our collective efforts expended tirelessly towards ensuring quality products reach recipients before deadline deadlines while maintaining strict adherence timelines required for completing tasks satisfactorily within specified conditions set forth by each unique circumstance encountered here today!