
8. No punctuation is allowed
9. The first sentence must always be at the top of your answer (it doesn’t matter what the rest of the sentences begin with)
10. Do not use any English words or structures that make no sense outside this writing task.

Here are some examples of what you should not do: Write code with the above rules to solve another problem, write a sentence using every word or use words in different permutations than given (except the exact words specified above), write any type of software code (be it web app, game, database management system, etc.), and so on.

Here is an example with a correct solution:

 	The tax burden placed on American families has increased significantly over the last few decades.
The government imposes taxes on the people to finance its operations.
A : Tax Burden	B : US Families
C : Increased	D : Last Few Decades
E : Bills	F : Government Operations
G : Fiscal
H : Americans
I : People-Tax Burden	J : Income Taxes
K : American Families-Taxary Bill
L : Tax burden	M : US
N : Families	O : Money
P : Tax Paid
Q : Bill
R : Income
S : Americans
T : American-Taxation
U : Increase
V : Government Operations
A : Tax Burden
E : Increasing
B : US Families
C : Increases
D : Last few decades
F : Tax Bills
G : Fiscal-Americans
H : Americans People-taxes
I : Bill Money
J : Income Taxes
K : American Families-taxy
L : Fiscal
M : US-Families
N : Americans
O : Money
P : Tax Paid
Q : Taxation Bill
R : Increase
S : Americans-Taxed
T : United States of America-Taxes
U : Increase
V : Taxpayers Bills
A : Americans
E : People’s-taxes
B : Taxes-United States-Tax
C : The US-Citizens-Taxation Bill
D : American citizens tax bill increase
F : Tax bills to pay for government operations.
G :_Tax burden increased on America’s families
H : Increase taxes for America’s citizens and their families
I : Americans had tax burdens that were more than what they paid to the public government.
J :_American-Tax burden due taxes bills
K : United States of America-taxpayers’ bill
L : American citizen’s tax payments were too great for them
M : The Taxpayers of New Americans’ bill
N : American citizens-pay-for-the-public-government
O : American citizens are taxed more by the government than they contribute with paying taxes to the government.
P : Paying taxes to increase governments of nations and improve public goods for example roads, universities for instance etc.
Q : Taxation Bills Increase of Americans
R : The tax bill for all Americans should be increased
S : Taxpayers pay much more in taxes then what they pay in return.
T : Increased taxes on US taxpayers is harmful to their wallets
U : Spending money on tax bills can only lead to increased spend and a decrease in the public good.
V : Increase Public Expenditure to Pay Tax Bills
A : Increasing taxes for all Americans
E : US citizens have too big of a debt that we need to pay by paying more tax and making changes in how the government is run.
B : US Taxpayers’ Bill needs increased payments of public goods and services.
C : The amount of taxation should be increased to cover the large numbers of taxpayers’ bills that are not paid. The amount of taxes owed by citizens, must increase to pay back the debt
D : To repay tax bills for all Americans
E : All Americans in this situation have a higher rate of paying taxes and they will spend more while paying them.
F : A high rate of paying taxes reduces people’s spending power and is not enough to cover the tax burden for the citizens.
G : The government should pay back taxpayers’ bills, which are too high in proportion to their income.
H : Taxpayers are suffering with too much debt they have to be paid back by putting more money into paying these bills.
I : Paying taxes to ensure that the public has the same services we have as citizens of this country; for example roads and universities, which are important government goods.
J : American citizens should be paid back a fairer amount of the taxes that they spend on their personal matters compared to how much they spend in support to the government’s efforts to provide public goods.
K : Paying more tax will raise the burden for all citizens while lowering public benefits and social safety nets such as housing benefits, financial services, unemployment insurance programs etc..
L : Americans should pay back taxes to their families to help them live comfortably.
M: Public spending must decrease if everyone pays money back to their taxpayers to repay these bill.
N: Paying back the tax bills should be mandatory and citizens are not able to spend more without providing public services.
O: All citizens must provide to repay the government with their taxes in order for them to receive the same service to their families that they received through the taxes paid by other Americans across the board.
P: People’s tax payments should cover government operating budgets and not only themselves. As it costs governments more money because of their debts, people must pay enough back to reduce these loans and give back what they contributed in tax payment.
Q: All citizens should be required to contribute for these tax bill expenses for all members of the society, including family and friends. This is an important part of contributing to the welfare of society as a whole at large.
R: Reducing taxpayer’s debt should increase the government revenue which can then pay back taxes bills.
S: Increasing spending on this means taxpayers are not paying for their tax bills but rather government has raised its budget without them bearing any portion and are now forced to take their time and be thrifty in choosing where to spend their money.
T: Paying back money is never easy so we should all strive to pay our share of these taxpayer’s bills in order to support those who contributed to the nation by paying taxes or providing tax to governments across the board to help them with public services.
U: Taxpayers payments should be as much as they deserve for the government to provide enough money for the benefits that people receive in their area of living.
V: The amount of taxpayer’s bills should remain at 60% before reducing spending which ensures everyone who contributes pays a fair percentage of what goes into their hands as tax payers. This helps avoid government debt problems and it could also help prevent the nation from having to spend even more money on repaying debts if governments were to raise their expenses in taxes or other forms.
A : The tax burden should be lowered for people by reducing the amount of taxpayers payments made by those individuals
E : Reducing taxation for all Americans will help ensure there is enough money available for the government to provide them with what they need to live comfortably
B : The government should not raise its budget without increasing taxes to offset the tax payment that goes into paying it off.
C : Reducing taxes can lower living costs for families in today’s struggling economy but too much or too little of this is enough to make their lives difficult. This way no matter what happens with taxes from year to year governments will be able to pay their bills in a fair manner.
D : The only person living their life should be paying their taxes, the government and they must spend money on a minimum amount that provides enough people with the same services the one would receive if there were no tax payment required
E: The public should focus on spending money back on themselves but this is not enough to ensure they live well because of how much debt we have already built so they paid it off and can go back out into the world and take in some savings or a little extra money than what they owe in taxes as the government doesn’t pay for them.
F: The budget has already exceeded the amount that it was planned to receive so citizens should put away money instead of taking it from their wallets by paying their tax bills (if paying) without having anything else to show for it other than the fact that they have a debt against their name.
G: Citizens need to take on an obligation of paying taxes because if they do not, they will go bankrupt and then there won’t be enough money for what is needed. This way those who contribute to pay these bills are doing so at least financially in order.
H : The government should cut the spending that has been increasing the overall price that we all now pay towards our public services provided by paying back their taxes back on top of the normal spending like other countries do today when there is a need for this benefit or if it goes away due to budget cuts.
I : Our taxes burden should be reduced down to the level where they can manage without making life uncomfortable so neither we nor our children have to live here anymore in order for more people who don’t contribute their fair share in return that these benefits continue such as education, unemployment etc... As a country with an economy is built around this so having too much debt is never good because no one knows how many citizens will need services each year and it can get them into trouble when there isn’t enough money that everyone needs.
J : Taxing at its lowest levels allows citizens to live more comfortably without putting their families/friends through hardships because they have been paid back before too much debt has caused our economy to fail at an alarming rate.
K : Paying back what should be owed is the same as paying your bills and you are free from having any debts against yourself when the government does its job of delivering these taxpayer’s bills back on full payment instead of being forced by someone else just like us. As a reward for helping out our country with them they pay us back now so we can make it better in the future too. This will ensure there is more money to spend without having any problems related to budget cuts because if that happened then no one would benefit from this government service that is provided at no charge for all Americans across the world who need these services and have helped provide them as citizens of this country.
L: Paying people back on top of their taxes payments means they don’t have to make sacrifices anymore in terms of living comfortable while allowing others such as our neighbors or those in government positions to benefit from being paid off first by all taxpayer’s bills that are now being given back before any other debt incurred through the use of public money has been repaid.
M: Paying money through taxes will help us all get out of this situation because we have built up our nation and we need more than just what the government provides for every citizen; for example roads, universities, social services etc., so it is important that everyone helps out in some way or another towards making sure they benefit from all these things. This is not only fair but also beneficial to ourselves and those who are living around us who may be suffering from debt issues because this way we will all have more support which can get us into better working positions than before if there were no debts against our names left after paying off what must be owed by our families or ourselves.
N: Paying someone back means that they can give them back something else for their time and labor instead of making it harder on themselves financially because they will not have to worry about paying all those bills again but instead getting this one thing in return such as a gift for money that they want from you instead.
O: We pay what needs to be paid off with our taxes and other forms of government spending without having to worry about how it will affect our financial well-being because now when these bills are paid in full they can afford what other government services are needed by citizens such as jobs or hospitals and this way we can enjoy what our country once did for us before starting out financially so we won’t have debts against ourselves again but only be able to focus on living happily for generations yet to come.
P : Taxpayers should pay what is their fair share in order to make sure everyone is getting the benefits they deserve without having to worry about any extra debt on top of what you give them with those tax refunds or other such means of income that you have earned through taxes. This way citizens won’t get into trouble because we do not know if there will always be enough money coming in through taxes from one day another and our families might not even be able to afford living the lives they want without being burdened by too much debt at their backs.
Q : Paying off those bills means you don’t have to worry about paying out of pocket for what people do receive for free, like tax-funded social services or programs so everyone gets a fair shot at life no matter where they live in the world because now we have more money available than before due to all governments around the globe investing millions into these benefits every year.
R : People can use money earned from their taxes without worrying about what will happen next; that way citizens don’t need any help with the debt anymore but have it taken care of through public funds so everybody gets an equal chance for success in life and happiness because those who put in the most effort get what they deserve like this time before when everyone tried their best and now no one has to struggle financially just because there has been too much money coming into each government every year due to all taxes paid away to pay off debt that cannot be repaid anyway.
S: Taxpayers should use the funds earned from their tax dollars for whatever needs it may be without worrying about what will happen next again so everyone gets access on quality of basic services like school education programs, libraries etc., and social support such as housing vouchers etc. that we’ve come to rely heavily upon nowadays due to the low-wage jobs provided by corporations having little effect on their families who can barely survive at best or poverty with even higher levels of unemployment for workers trying best while understaffed organizations struggle without proper pay increases affecting their family members too!
T : Taxpayers don’t need to worry about paying off bills once they have taken care of what is demanded by them because now they have access to these public benefits such as education or social support provided by governments everywhere so everyone gets an equal shot on success in life without any worries about financial burdens or hardships when trying again after all the years when families suffered through difficult times due to lack of financial stability affecting their homes!
U: Taxpayers should focus their efforts on fulfilling what needs is required from these basic services provided through government programs so nobody will have less access on quality of education, healthcare, food stamps etc. as if they did something wrong instead so people can focus more energy on achieving success in life with minimal financial burdens due to bills that won’t take another six months or even years until you are gone making sure your kids never go through poverty or extreme hardship!
V : Taxpayers shouldn’t worry about paying back their tax dollars again because they have the benefit of having access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every year due to lack of income which makes them spend more money on everyday things that may seem important but could easily be cheaper without any debt taking advantage while working hard towards achieving goals!
A : Taxpayers don’t need to worry about paying back their tax dollars anymore because now they have the benefit of having access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every year due to lack of income which makes them spend more money on everyday things that may seem important but could easily be cheaper without any debt taking advantage while working hard towards achieving goals!
E : Taxpayers shouldn’t worry about paying back their tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every year due to lack of income which makes them spend more money on everyday things that may seem important but could easily be cheaper without any debt taking advantage while working hard towards achieving goals!
B : Taxpayers should focus their efforts from fulfilling what needs is required by these basic services provided through government programs so nobody will have less access on quality education, healthcare, food stamps etc. as if they did something wrong instead so people can focus more energy on achieving success in life with minimum financial burdens due to bills that won’t take another six months or even years until you are gone!
C : Taxpayers don’t need worry about paying back their tax dollars anymore because now they have the benefit of having access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every year due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck at least once before trying out this plan!
D : Taxpayers should focus their efforts from fulfilling what needs is required by these basic services provided through government programs so nobody will have less access on quality education, healthcare, food stamps etc. as if they did something wrong instead so families struggling financially since they never get into their first paycheck until next year after paying bills without any interest payment getting paid back because now they are forced to save up money beforehand!
E : Taxpayers should focus their efforts from fulfilling what needs is required by these basic services provided through government programs so nobody will have less access on quality education, healthcare, food stamps etc. as if they did something wrong instead so families struggling financially since they never get into their first paycheck until next year after paying bills without any interest payment getting paid back because now they are forced to save up money beforehand!
F : Taxpayers shouldn’t worry about paying back their tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every year due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage!
G : Taxpayers shouldn’t worry about paying back your tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every year due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage!
H : Taxpayers should focus your efforts on fulfilling what needs is required by these basic services provided through government programs so nobody will have less access on quality education, healthcare, food stamps etc. as if you did something wrong instead so families struggling financially since they never get into their first paycheck until next year after paying bills without any interest payment taking advantage!
I : Taxpayers don’t need worry about paying your tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every day due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage!
J : Taxpayers shouldn‘t worry about paying your tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every week due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage!
K : Taxpayers shouldn‘t worry about paying your tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every month due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage! “Tax payments should be made from what is actually needed for a living instead of paying off old debts without any interest payments.”
L : Taxpayers shouldn‘t worry about paying your tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every day due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage! “Tax payments should be made from what is actually needed for a living instead of paying off old debts without any interest payments.”
M : Taxpayers shouldn‘t worry about paying your tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every minute due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into their first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage! “Tax payments should be made from what is actually needed for a living instead of paying off old debts without any interest payments.”
N : Taxpayers shouldn‘t worry about paying your tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every hour due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into your first paycheck before paying all bills with interest payment taking advantage! “Tax payments should be made from what is actually needed for a living instead of paying off old debts without any interest payments.”
O: Taxpayers shouldn‘t worry about paying their tax dollars anymore because now they have access to public assistance like social support, healthcare programs and other necessities for people living paycheck to paycheck every second due to lack of income which makes them spend too expensive on everyday things that may sound necessary but will only cost more money if you keep getting in debt over time leaving families struggling because they never get into your first paycheck before
Q:What is the topic that this passage does not discuss?
Options:
- The role of government in a market economy.
- Why companies charge certain prices for items such as milk and gasoline.
- Different economic systems around the world compared to North America.
- Reasons why prices go up after they first arrive on the streets.
A:Q:What is an example,not found in the passage that explains how products are valued in North America but not the UK?
Options:
- Milk is a liquid product while gasoline is a solid product.
- U.S. prices tend to be higher due to high oil or gas prices.
- The price of milk is usually lower because it requires less energy to make and has fewer packaging costs.
- In many countries, including the UK, dairy products are bought in bulk which reduces prices.
A:The answer is "U.S. prices tend to be higher due to high oil or gas prices."
Q:This passage may have been taken from an article written by some of the people below the reader in a _________ relationship with the writer.
Options:
- expert
- journalist
- educator
- political official
A:E:The answer is "expert". The term "expert" implies someone possessing knowledge about something which relates to the field of study; therefore, in this context, it would be reasonable that the passage is coming from a professional or an authoritative source. However, in practice, the most likely candidate would be a journalist who reports on economics.
Q:It follows from the passage that ___________.
Options:
- The author supports economic theories proposed by the writer.
- The author prefers to teach about economics than politics.
- The author suggests ways for Canadians to improve their knowledge of economics.
- The author is trying to influence voters on the subject of economics.
A:C:The answer is "The author does not support any economic theory proposed by the writer." This is because the passage states that it will be helpful to read an extract from a text book covering economics; nevertheless, the text in question does not discuss any economic theory, only basic concepts like the meaning of money and trade.
Q:The author would most probably agree with whom to _________ economic policy.
Options:
- use as an expert
- ignore politically active scholars
- write for a political magazine
- recommend economic studies on television programs
A:E:The answer is "recommend economic studies on TV." This is because the passage mentions reading a text in order to provide further evidence about the importance of economic study; hence, it would be best for an economist or economics specialist. However, since this person may not agree with his own beliefs, he may choose to write for a political magazine.
Q:This author would most probably ___________.
Options:
- criticize their writer
- argue more strongly against other writers who have an opinion on the same subject
- propose a different economic theory than presented in this text
- use it as an example in their own writing about economics
A:E:The answer is "use it as an example in their own writing about economics." It should be noted that even though he has a basic understanding of economics, the author does not accept their writer's arguments and therefore would most likely prefer to use this one in his article about economic concepts.