
8. Try using the words ‘the’, ‘of’, ‘and’, ‘and’, ‘or’ and ‘but’ to connect your ideas 
9. You can omit the second comma if you do not have a second idea to begin with
10. Your sentences should be a combination of noun phrases and adjective phrases 
11. You are not required to use a noun in your sentence. Your sentences can be nouns or proper nouns. All nouns and nouns phrases should be used as such – for instance, “The old man in the yellow suit” or “The woman sitting in the back is her niece.”
12. I cannot have any ‘or’ or ‘but’. If you write ‘I bought ‘or’ but he wanted ‘but’. I will consider this to be a mistake and will score you –10 marks.
13. You can delete all punctuation except full-stops and exclamation marks and these should occur in the last couple of words – this will eliminate unnecessary words.
14. Your sentences MUST be grammatically correct.
15. To submit your work you must include your name, surname, year of intake and the assignment title.

This is how the work needs to appear:
16. This is just an example of one of the word lists that you will be given. Remember each word list is made up of over 100 words. You should submit up to this sentence.
17. Use the word lists to give you structure for your sentences. You should be able to take the first few words of the word lists and combine them into sentences. 

<strong>Task</strong>:
Use the word lists to give you guidance on how to formulate grammatically correct and logically constructed sentences. Each sentence has been written and will be submitted as attached. The first sentence on each line is the starting point for your 4 sentences. Write your sentences making use of the vocabulary from the word list.

 
 
 
 


<strong>Word List: </strong>
The word lists can also be used to create your own sentences. Your aim will be to take each word on the list and produce new sentences that contain no more than 3 words and that fit the requirements of the word list. For example, for the ‘t’, ‘s’, ‘e’ and ‘r’ word lists – you should be able to produce:

I eat my sandwich.
I will run to the post office.
I want to buy a pizza.
I want to stay at the Holiday Inn.
This is my son’s room.
This is where I live. 
The postman will knock.

Write 5 sentences of between 6-10 words each. You need to use between 10 and 12 words in each sentence.

 
 
<strong>Assignment 1</strong>