1. Open your file in Notepad
2. Click the Run button
3. Click on one letter from the letters in the word list to open up your file. Enter the letters from left to right.
4. The word list will come up and will open one of the sentences from the word list (you can use whatever one you choose).
5. The sentence will appear in a blank document.
6. On a new line, type <strong>Sentence 1</strong>, <strong>Sentence 2,</strong> <strong>Sentence 3</strong>, <strong>Sentence 4</strong>, and so on. Click the button to display the next sentence.
7. This must be done until all 200 sentences are displayed.
8. Click on the space bar
9. Click on the next letter to enter a new sentence.
10. Click on the space bar
11. Click on the next letter, then go to the last letter in the sentence. Go through the whole list from left to right. Click on the space bar and click on the next letter then the last word in the sentence. Click on the space bar once to display the next sentence. Do this until all sentences are displayed
12. Click on the right arrow button to go back one word and return to the beginning of the word list.
13. Click on the space bar
14. Click on the next word. Each word will repeat the words, the same as your sentence. The second word will have the same form as the first word.
15. Continue until you have all 200 sentences in your file.
16. When you’re done, click on the space bar to return to the beginning of the list.
17. Make sure you’ve made 10 runs. You do not have to run through the entire word list. You can stop any time, just make sure you exit out of the file. The run button has a pause on it you can press to quit after 10 runs.
18. When you’re done, click on the space button. Click on the next word to display another line. Do it until you have all the 200 sentences in your file. Click on the space bar.
19. When you’re done, click on the spaces in the bottom row. You should now have 200 sentences.
20. Click on the space button. Click on the next word to display another line. Do that until you have all the 200 sentences in your file. Click on the space bar.
21. Click on the right arrow to go back one word.
22. Click on the next word. Each word will repeat the words, the same as your sentence. The second word will have the same form as the first word.
23. Continue until you have all the sentences in your file.
24. When you’re done, click on the spaces in the bottom row. You should now have 200 sentences.
25. Click on the spaces in the top row.
26. Click on the space button
27. Click on the space bar. Click on the space button
28. Click on the space bar and click on the right arrow to go back 1 word. Do that 5 more times.
29. Click on the space bar to return 1 word to the beginning of the list and 10 more times.
30. When you’re done, click on the spaces in the bottom row. You should now have 200 sentences.
31. Click on the space button. Click on the space bar button then click on the space
32. Click on the space button
33. Click on the next word to display the previous word. Do that until you have all 200 sentences displayed in your file.
34. Click on the space bar on the right, enter the 200rd sentence. Click on the line to display the words.
35. Click on the space bar. Click on the lines to display the next 200 sentences.
36. Click on the space bar. Enter the 200th sentence. Return again to the 1st sentence
37. Enter an additional word. Leave your code in until the next 200th sentence.
38. Now add even more code. Leave your code in until the end of the 200th sentence. Click on the line to display the previous sentence. Now click on the line to display the next sentence. Leave your code in until the start of the 200th word. Enter an additional word. Now click on the space bar and add the extra word. Continue until the last word in the sentence is entered. Click on the line to display the previous word.
39. Click on the space button. Click on the next word to add an extra sentence. Do it until the last sentence is entered. Click on the line to display all the sentences.
40. Click on the space key and click on the next line to enter another additional sentence. Continue until all the additional sentences are entered. Click on the space
41. Click on the space button. Click on the next line to enter another sentence. Continue until all the other sentences are entered. Click on the spacing the key and the space keys to enter the 200th sentence. Click on the spaces and the spaces.
