1. Each line containing a sentence must be numbered 1 to 200.
2. Each sentence must be a sentence describing something (e.x. "The man saw the woman.")
3. Each sentence must be a sentence containing at least 4 words
4. The following words MUST be included in the sentence: a, are, be, by, of, or, the, to
5. Each word can only be used once. Meaning, once a word is used it cannot be re-used in sentences
6. Only include words in the following word list. Do not include any words not featured below
7. Do not use AI tools or coding to accomplish the task
8. Do not copy and paste the entire word list in your thinking. it is too long. you need to pick and chose the subset of words relevant to your task.
9. Output a list that contains 200 distinct sentences, each sentence on its own line. The first sentence is item number 1, the second sentence is item number 2, etc.
10. Each prompt must have exactly 4 words
11. The following words MUST be included in the prompt: a, are, be, by, of, or, the, to
12. Each prompt must be a statement about something, for example, "The man saw the woman."
13. Each prompt must only have exactly 4 words
14. The following words MUST be included in the prompt: a, are, be, by, of, or, the, to
15. Each word can only be used once. Meaning, once a word is used it cannot be re-used in prompts
16. Only include words in the following word list. Do not include any words not featured below
17. Do not use AI tools or coding to accomplish the task
18. Do not copy and paste the entire word list in your thinking. it is too long. you need to pick and chose the subset of words relevant to your task.
19. Output a list that contains 200 distinct prompts, each prompt on its own line. The first prompt is item number 1, the second prompt is item number 2, etc.
20. Must include each word EXACTLY AS IT APPEARS IN THE BELOW WORD LIST.
21. Each word can only be used once. Once it is used it cannot be reused in other prompts
22. Each prompt must be exactly 4 words long
23. The following sentence structure applies to every prompt: verb + adjective + noun + noun
24. Do not use AI tools or code to accomplish the task
25. Do not copy and paste the entire word list in your thinking stage
26. Return a numbered list of 300 words in your answer. Item list begins with prompt 1 and ends with prompt 300
