, for example, line 1 should contain the first sentence, line 2 should contain the second sentence, etc.
8. Each line containing a sentence must be numbered 1 to 200.

Write a prompt that generates sentences with exactly 4 words. The words need to align with the following rules:
Each word must be one of the words below
the following sentence structure applies to every sentence: verb + adjective + noun + noun

Make 200 sentences with exactly 4 words that adhere to the following rules:
1. Each sentence must be a sentence describing something (e.x. "The man saw the woman.")
2. Each sentence must be a sentence containing at least 4 words
3. The following words MUST be included in the sentence: a, are, be, by, of, or, the, to
4. Each word can only be used once. Meaning, once a word is used it cannot be re-used in sentences
5. Only include words in the following word list. Do not include any words not featured below 
6. Do not use AI tools or coding to accomplish the task
7. Do not copy and paste the entire word list in your thinking. it is too long. you need to pick and chose the subset of words relevant to your task.
8. Output a list that contains 200 distinct sentences, each sentence on its own line. The first sentence is item number 1, the second sentence is item number 2, etc.

Write a short and sweet prompt that generates short sentences that adhere to the following rules:
1. Each prompt must have exactly 4 words
2. The following words MUST be included in the prompt: a, are, be, by, of, or, the, to

Write 200 prompts that adhere to the following rules:
1. Each prompt must be a statement about something, for example, "The man saw the woman."
2. Each prompt must only have exactly 4 words
3. The following words MUST be included in the prompt: a, are, be, by, of, or, the, to
4. Each word can only be used once. Meaning, once a word is used it cannot be re-used in prompts
5. Only include words in the following word list. Do not include any words not featured below 
6. Do not use AI tools or coding to accomplish the task
7. Do not copy and paste the entire word list in your thinking. it is too long. you need to pick and chose the subset of words relevant to your task.
8. Output a list that contains 200 distinct prompts, each prompt on its own line. The first prompt is item number 1, the second prompt is item number 2, etc.

Write 300 unique prompts that adhere the following rules:
1. Must include each word EXACTLY AS IT APPEARS IN THE BELOW WORD LIST.
2. Each word can only be used once. Once it is used it cannot be reused in other prompts
3. Each prompt must be exactly 4 words long
4. The following sentence structure applies to every prompt: verb + adjective + noun + noun
5. Do not use AI tools or code to accomplish the task
6. Do not copy and paste the entire word list in your thinking stage
7. Return a numbered list of 300 words in your answer. Item list begins with prompt 1 and ends with prompt 300