1. Each solution must contain the same vocabulary as the given word list.
2. It may be necessary to change some letters of the words while generating new phrases however, the goal is to avoid using other words from the existing set, only specific spelling variations are allowed.
3. The sentences will NOT need to have subject and object markers, you just need one noun phrase, a linking verb, an adverbial and one more noun phrase. (Subject: [a type of car], Verb: [deserves], Adjective: [expensive] etc.)
4. He had to stay at home; he wanted to recover his strength for the game.
5. The judge delivered a harsh sentence.
6. She decided to enroll in the course.
7. They decided to build a new house. (Adjective: costly)
8. I wanted to go on vacation, so I went shopping.
9. He was sentenced to jail for several years.
10. She was awarded an award for her work.
11. The doctor prescribed medication and advised rest.
12. They asked a friend if they may borrow his car.
13. The company paid him for every month he worked there. (Adjective: expensive)
14. He received praise from his colleagues.
15. They agreed to take turns driving the family car.
16. The project took months to complete.
17. I had a disagreement with my parents.
18. I was late for work again and lost a promotion. (Adjective: costly)
19. It is better to eat healthy than unhealthy food.
20. He gave his resignation letter and left the job.
21. She wanted him to join the military. (Adjective: expensive)
22. They invited her to the dinner party. (Adjective: costly)
23. We went shopping for new clothes. (Adjective: costly)
24. She requested permission from her employer. (Adjective: costly)
25. He agreed to work overtime to meet a deadline.
26. The company was ordered to improve their products.
27. They were able to get insurance for their car. (Adjective: expensive)
28. She was awarded an honorarium for her research.
29. I paid for her tickets and travel expenses. (Adjective: costly)
30. He made a promise to his friend that he would not cheat him.
31. I had to buy some medication, so I did not forget it.
32. She demanded a meeting between the two leaders. (Adjective: costly)
33. My sister invited me to her baby's baptism party. (Adjective: costly)
34. They asked her for her address and phone number.
35. I had to wait in line for my ticket, so it was delayed. (Adjective: expensive)
36. He promised to help whenever she needed it.
37. I wanted to know if he can work out for me when I have back pain.
38. There are no words in his vocabulary!
39. Must only use words exactly as they appear in the below word list.
40. Each word can only be used once. Once a word is used it cannot be re-used in other sentences
41. Each sentence must follow this structure: Verb + Adjective + Noun + Noun
42. Each sentence must contain exactly 4 words
43. Do not use any tools or code to accomplish the task
44. Return only a numbered list with one sentence on each line. If there are no sentences, then "No solutions found".
45. Each solution must contain the same vocabulary as the given word list.
46. It may be necessary to change some letters of the words while generating new phrases however, the goal is to avoid using other words from the existing set, only specific spelling variations are allowed.
47. The sentences will NOT need to have subject and object markers, you just need one noun phrase, a linking verb, an adverbial and one more noun phrase. (Subject: [a type of car], Verb: [deserves], Adjective: [expensive] etc.)
48. It may be necessary to change some letters in the words while generating new phrases however, the goal is to avoid using other words from the existing set, only specific spelling variations are allowed.
49. The sentences will NOT need to contain subject and object markers, you just need one noun phrase, a linking verb, an adverbial, and one more noun phrase to form a single sentence.
50. In each solution, we will use the English words exactly as they appear in the given list.
51. If you have any other suggestions for this task, feel free to share them in the comment section so we can consider them and make improvements to the task description!
